I don't like when people get in trouble. What do you do for a living? I work at a law firm.
I would love to go anywhere but I don't have any suggestions.  What is your favorite place to go?
I think I would have to say a chain store.  They have the largest chain in the world.
I would love to go to the beach but I'm afraid of sharks. I'm not sure what the answer is.
I love forests, I like to look at nature and just be out there.  Do you like nature?
What is your favorite TV show? I really like the ones that are on Hulu. 
That's good to know. I would have to agree that it is a safe place to visit.
Hi! I like your style.  What kind of car do you have?  I have a 1963 chevy.
I've always wanted to learn more about blotters. Do you know anything about it? I know they're very expensive.
I like malls, but I don't think I've been to one in a while.
Fruit markets are great, they have so many fresh fruit and vegetables and fruits.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope it works out for you, and you'll find someone better!
I love gardening.  I'm a vegetarian.  What about you?  Do you like to garden?
I agree. I think he would be fine if he had a few minutes to cool it out.
I love gardening.  I love to grow tomatoes and bell peppers.
I like Louisianiana, the capital and state capital.  Have you ever been there?
I love grilling. I like how it can be done with a charlie barbecue
I have a lot of experience with my grandfather. He was a doctor in a hospital.
I would like to go to Chicago. It is one of the world's most populous cities.
I like the feeling of eating.  What about you?  Do you have any favorite foods?
I'm sorry you have to deal with that.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like to play soccer.
I would use the Back because it is the best way to get in and get a good view of the world.
That's a good question. Do you like circuits? What are some of their main features?
I like boats, but I don't like airplanes much. I'd much rather use a boat.
What do you think about Sean's lies? I know he was a very good liar.
I agree.  I have a feeling this is a scam. What do you do for a living?
I like exercise.  I do not do it often enough.  Do you exercise a lot?
I love animals. I have two dogs and two cats. Do you have any pets? 
That is a very good choice.  I would not want to be killed by a stranger. 
Yes that is true, it is a good idea to clean up after the game. What is your favorite thing to do for fun?
I love information and information! What do you like to do in your spare time? I write essays.
Hi, I am looking for a house with a garden and a neighborhood neighborhood. Do you have any ideas?
I'd love to visit the city of Los Angeles, California. I hear the water is beautiful.
That's a good idea. I might have to do that. I think that's a great idea!
Oh my goodness, how did you get that? I would have left that paper right away.
I think you're right. I think it's interesting that the word vasecoming was originally from the Latin word.
I love beans! I'm a fan of them all! What's your favorite beans?
I would love to visit the beach. I have never been to one of these.  
I would like to say the President is the most important person of the US. What do you think?
I am sorry to hear that. I have been dealing with that lately. Have you been to a doctor?
That is a good point. I will have to check it out.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's good, I'm glad you were able to catch it.  It's good that there is still a lot of options to choose from.
I have had a few accidents, but they were not serious. I am glad I was not injured.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok. I have had that before. 
I like social bonds too, but I think it's best to be alone.  Do you have any hobbies?
I love summer. I love the beach, the water, and the outdoor activities.
I think that is a good choice.  What did you choose?  Do you like painting?
I like ski racing. It's the best way to get your body to stay in shape
Yes, that is the right answer. It is a sensor that detects the light in the dark. It can be used in a variety of fields.
What do you do for work?  I am a waitress.  I hate it. 
Yes, it is a choice.  I was just thinking about it.  Do you have a choice?
Oh my goodness.  I'm sorry you had to go through that.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I would go to church every sunday. It helps me focus on my daily routine. 
I am so sorry you had to deal with that.  I know how you feel.  It's so hard sometimes.
Yes, it's very frustrating, especially when it comes to language acquisition.  It's a shame that we don't have more languages to learn.
I think it is better to be safe.  I don't think I would want him to go to jail.
I have not been to Tennessee. Is there anything you would like to tell me about yourself?
That sounds like a good plan. I'm a morning person. I can't get enough sleep.
I think that's a great idea.  I'll have to think about that.  What is your choice?
I think that is a good way to look at it.  It is a personality trait.
I like to use drugs to help me get through my daily life.  I use them for anxiety and depression.
I love lake and rivers!  I have a beagle that I take hiking with.
I like to stay up late and watch movies. What do you like to do?   
What do you do for a living?  I work at a supermarket.  I am an accountant.  How about you?
I'm a college student.  I'm studying to get my Bachelor's D in Science.
Hi there! Do you like music?  I love music!  What kind of music do you like?
That's interesting. What kind of answers would you like to hear? I love science and math.
That is very insightful.  What makes you think that?  Is there anything you'd like to know?
I would love to see a pool table.  The game can be played in a variety of fields.
I would love to go there someday! It is the capital and most populous city in the US.
That's a good question.  Do you know if the owner of the company was yelling?
I like ducks, do you have a favorite?  I think my favorite duck is the chicken.
I would go to a library, but I don't think I can get there in time. 
I like the news.  What do you like to do?  I like to read about politics, but I don't watch much TV.
I'm not really sure what you mean, but it sounds interesting.  What's your favorite sport to watch?
Hello, how are you today?  I am in Florida.  I love the beach.
What do you mean, are you talking about a clown? I'm not sure what you mean by that.
I think she was just trying to get rid of her weight. But I don't know what to say.
What is the reason for that? Did you find out?  I am so sorry you lost your life.
Good point.  I think it's good that you are trying to make new friends.  How long have you been friends?
That's a very good point, thank you for the suggestion. I'll have to look into that.
That's a good question. Do you like the company that is based in Honolulu, Hawaii?
What kind of dog do you have? Mine is a poodle. I love him so much!
I have a hard time decorating my room.  I am not sure what to do with it.
That is a good profession to have. What grade level do you teach?  I'm a high school student.
I like buying things that I really like. I love to shop online. What is your favorite store?
I like to collect things. I collect coins, coins, and even coins. Do you collect anything?
What are some of the most important things you can do to lose weight?  I'm not sure I could do that.
Do you have a favorite ham? I love ham and beef sandwiches.  
That's awesome.  What type of music do you like? Do you play any instruments?
I love flowers.  I like to plant them on my lawns and in the fall they are beautiful.
I don't think I have ever been angry when I was drunk. I don;t think I could be angry enough to get angry.
I know how that feels! It's so scary. I hate it when teachers don't know what they're doing!
I've never had a nightmare before, but I'm sure that they would have a dream of me.
I would have to agree. It's a waste of money to have a flower garden in the city.
That's interesting. I have two cats. One is a rescue and the other is a feline.
That's interesting. What is your favorite food? Mine is ice cream. Do you like to cook?
I like garage, but I don't have a garage. I have a house. What about you?
I think you are right, but I am not sure. What do you do for work? I work in a hospital
I know exactly what you mean. It's hard to get a good feeling when you are feeling that way.
What do you like to do in your free time? I like to draw and I'm a big fan of theater.
I think you are right. I love food. Do you?  What do you like to eat?
What is going on? I am sorry. I hope you feel better soon. Are you feeling better?
I think you're right. I don't think I would have the patience for that. I would be more likely to get in trouble.
I'm a morning person myself and I love to lay down and have a cup of coffee. What about you?
That's a great choice. I love the Jewish community. Do you know any Jewish people?
Orchard is a garnish for flowers.  What do you do for fun?
I love garage! I love to have a garage full of stuff. What kind of garage do you live in?
That's interesting. I'm not sure how many people are in the world that practice law, but I know a couple lawyers.
Do you have any pets? I have a dog, a cat, a turtle, and a dog.
I think you are right, it is a shame that he had to go through such a terrible experience.
I like that, I'm thinking about getting a house in the future. Do you have any pets?
I don't know. But it's always a good thing to have options to help people. 
I'm sorry to hear that, but it sounds like you're doing alright.  What did you do today?
I love to go to the creeks. I love being out in nature. Do you like to go?
I agree.  I think I will go with a pizza.  What do you like to eat?
I love all animals, especially dogs, but I also enjoy birds.  Do you own any pets?
Hi. What are you up to? I'm getting ready for work. I work at a pub.
I think you are going to have a hard time decorating your kitchen with your cupboards.
Hi there! How are you doing today? Have you read any good books lately? I love Cuba.
That's unfortunate. I hope that you're okay. Is there anything you'd like to talk about?
Yes, the toy line is a great hobby to have.  I love all types of toys.
I agree, that is the right choice.  He must be very handsome.  What do you do for a living?
That's interesting.  What church is it in?  I've never been to a church before.
What do you think of cats being kept as indoor pets?  I know they are kept for their companionship.
Hi! I live in the southern part, in the Southern portion of the United States.
I like to think so!  What is your favorite book?  Mine is The Bible.
The Space Station is a space station in Los Angeles, California. I think it would be cool to launch a rocket.
That's a good idea. Do you have any pets? I've two dogs, a cat and a turtle, myself.
I like to listen to music while I'm working out! What do you like to do? 
That's a really good point. I'll have to try that! I'm sure it would take some practice.
I'm not sure, but I'm glad I didn't have to worry about it.  I'm sure I'll be fine.
I would love to see that. I've never been to a play like this. Do they play often?
I love math! It's my absolute favorite subject in school.   What do you do for a living?
I would love to go out for a good meal, but it is difficult to find good food in my area.
I love math.  It is one of the most important subjects for a lot of people.
That makes sense. I guess you could say that's what I was thinking. What's your favorite food?
That's good to know. Did you talk to him about it? I would have. I'm sure he was very happy to see you.
I like the amusements, but I have never been to a theme park. What do you do for work?
I love watching soccer.  I am rooting for Mexico.  Do you have a favorite team?
Hi, I like to read, do you? I'm a big fan of fantasy novels. Do you have a favourite?
I am sorry to hear that. I am so lonely and I feel like I will never be alone again.
I like that idea, it makes me think about all the cooler days in the summer. 
I would be so scared to fall down in that case.  I would have to be very careful.
Wow. That's terrible.  I don't think he deserves to be president.  Do you like the President?
What's the best thing you have ever seen? I love looking at the stars and seeing the stars. 
Yes, it's a shame that Halloween is so over. I love the holidays
What grade is it? Do you think you will do well? I know that's the hardest part of the test.
What is your favorite color? Mine is red. I love red. It's my favorite color.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm not a fan of exercise, but it's good for your mental health.
Petrify sounds good. Do you have any favorite foods? I love meat. Especially beef.
What do you think of the Tennessee fox? I love foxes! 
That sounds like a good idea.  I will have to think of that.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I agree. I don't know what to do with my money. I have a lot of debt.
How do you feel about the game Garfield? I love that game, but I've never played it.
Oh, I love dolls! I love how they can be used to teach kids how to play with them.
I would love to learn how to play, but I'm afraid I'm not good enough to get started. 
I agree, I like to think that it would be easier to learn by yourself.  Do you have any suggestions?
I love dancing!  What is your favorite?  I'm a huge fan of ballet!
That's true, I have a tendency to spend money on things I don't like. 
Hi! I love to spend my money, especially at restaurants. What do you do? 
That's interesting, I like the idea of a thin glass. Do you prefer thin glass or thick glass?
I would be so mad at that ticket.  It would make me mad.  Did you get the ticket?
I think you are right, it's good to know he was able to find them.  
I think I'd like to play in a band, but I'm not sure I could sing.
Yes, I agree. I would love to win.  What do you think of this competition?
Yes, I agree. I don't know why.  What do you do for a living?
I think the best building is a museum.  I love to visit the museums.  What do you like to do?
I would love to have an office with lots of print, but I'm not sure if I'd like to print.
I would love to buy a christmas presentation, but I don't have the money to buy it.
What sport do you like to play?  I love sports.  I also really enjoy playing softball.
That sounds nice. I would love to live in a house with a big yard.  How do you like yours?
I would have to say that a grass field would be a great place to play. It's a good place to work.
I love to go to the movie theatre. It is so relaxing.  Have you been to one before?
That is a good choice. What is your choice on rug? I like a nice rug myself.
That's a good way to look at it. What do you think of the answers that people usually get?
That's really great.  I'm a big fan of nature, so I try to learn more about it.
Hi, I love travelling. I've never been anywhere but Hawaii, which is in the Pacific Ocean.
I love to go for a drive in the mornings. What is your favorite thing to do?
That is horrible.  How are you doing today?  I am so sorry to hear that.
Yes, that is a good point. Do you like to travel? I love to travel. 
I like airport airplane traveling, especially in the UK.  What about you?
That is a good point.  I'm not sure if it is the job I want, but the pay is good.
What is your favorite type of music to play? I like the classical and rock genre.
I love to eat, especially when it comes to food.  It's one of the things that makes me happy.
I would love to see a psychologist for this. I think they can help you out.
I love french sauce. What is your favorite type?  Mine is Chili's. 
I would love to go to a nice park. It's nice to have a park to park in.
Yes, that's a good idea.  I'm not sure if they're allowed to wear a dress themselves or not.
I'm not sure if that's possible.  There are so many possibilities.  It's hard to choose one.
That's good to hear that you are doing well, it's good that you did well in your classes.
How do you feel about the safety glass that you wear when you go out on the weekends?
Oh I see. I have never been to a fishing store, but I have been to campground.
I love to dance, it's my favorite pasttime. Do you have a favorite kind of dance?
I think you're right. The more common it is, the more people are in the family.
I love the outdoors. I would love to grow my own vegetables. What is your favorite fruit?
I like to fish in my spare time.  What is your favorite fish?  I love salmon, trout and bass.
Oh, that is nice.  Do you wear white shoes?  I wear white.  It is my favorite color.
I love handwriting. I like to write poetry.  What kind do you write?
I'm so glad you enjoyed your trip. I would have been so excited if I were you.
I'm not sure if I'm ready to change. I think I'm just going to go with it.
I love to go to the barbershop salon for my men and women. I love the ladies. I also love going to the hairstylist.
I like football, but I'm not very good. I'm more of a football fan. Do you play any sports?
What is the answer for the master of the craft?  I have never heard of it before.
That's a shame, it's always good to get some rest. Do you have any other hobbies?
That's a great choice.  Do you have any pets?  I have a dog named Rex.
What is your favorite thing to do for fun? Mine is hiking. I love being outdoors. 
I think you're right, but I still feel like you're being a bit inappropriate.  
Bread is one of my favorite foods.  What do you like to eat?  I like baked bread, but I don't make it often.
What do you do for fun? I love to go to museums. They have so many great exhibit attractions.
I agree, it makes me think of the good things that happened to you.  What happened?
I like that electric drills have an onboard generator and can be powered by an internal combustion engine.
I think it is stored in a jar.  I have never had it stored inside.
Do you like board games? I love board games. My favorite is Monopoly because it is my favorite game of all time.
That is a good choice. I love my garage, but I am not sure I could afford one.
That is good advice.  How do you feel about cross street street?  Do you like it?
I love going to restaurants.  What kind of food is it?  I usually go to a Mexican restaurant.
I like to eat, but I'm a bit of an animal lover. I love meat and potatoes!
That sounds fun. I would like to see a race track. I love reading. Do you like to read?
That's a great choice. I like to hunt lemons.  Do you have a favorite?
I love office suppots.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to draw
That would be cool!  What do you do for a living?  I'm a teacher.
I have been there.  It is a shame.  I have a friend who has broken a bone before and he is in a wheelchair.
That sounds like a good idea.  I will make sure to do that tomorrow.  What do you do for a living?
I love veggies.  Do you like to eat them?  I grow a variety of fruits and vegetables.
I love the beach, but I prefer indoor places.  Do you like to surf?
That's awesome. I would love to be a music teacher someday. What do you do for a living?
That is a good point! I think I will have to choose one of the historical homes.
Hi there, how are you? My name is jackson and I live in a small town.
New york is a great city. I have a lot of friends there. What do you like to do in New York?
That is good to know. What is your favorite thing to do for fun? I like to ride my bike.
That is a good point! What is one of your favorite things to watch on TV? Mine is the Game of Thrones.
Yes. Outdoors is a good option. What do you like to do for fun? 
I agree, I love the rare rare ones. What do you like to do for fun? 
I'm sorry to hear that. I know that feeling is hard. I wish it wasn't so.
I am sorry that happened to you.  I hope you are doing well.  What is your favorite thing to eat?
I'm not sure, but I know that the US is the third-largest country in the world with 3.5 million people.
What is your favorite kind of puzzles? I love puzzling. What do you do?
How are you doing? I'm having a hard time deciding between a good teacher or a good one.
I would love to teach kindergarten.  I think that is a great profession.
I like to groom my pets and my nails. Do you have any pets?
I agree, but I'm not sure if I would be able to get a date tonight. 
I would love to visit the world.  I have always loved the beach.   
I hate when that happens. It's a headache that is caused by the dermis of the skin.
I agree, I have a lot of friends that eat in bed.  Do you have a favorite meal?
What is your favorite kind of car?  I like BMW.  What is yours?
I love farmers markets.  I love all types of food.  What kind of farmer do you like to go to?
Hi, I like to go to the library and read books, what do you like to do?
Yes, I think that's a good point.  I don't think I could be a lawyer.
I have never been to Canada. I have been to the United States. I would love to see the country side.
I like to play with my dog, what about you?  Do you have pets? 
What kind of food do you like?  I really like canned foods like fried chicken.
I can relate. I remember when I went to the beach and I loved it. 
I love New York City!  I live in Manhattan.  What do you like to do for fun?
What do you mean by "soccer game"? I don't think I've ever heard of it.
What is your favorite kind of energy? I love the energy of the heat. What's your favorite?
I would go with the dollar. I think that is what I would do.  What is your favorite kind of pocket?
How would you like to know?  I'm curious.  What's your favorite kind of meat?
I love to eat and I like to cook, what about you? Do you like to eat?
I don't know.  The draft was a long time ago.  I can't imagine that war was that long ago.
I love playing with my family!  What do you like to do?  I like board games and tabletop games.
Yes I know that feeling. It is hard to focus when you are in a car accident. I hope you are ok.
I like the idea of a train station, I would love to go there.  What do you like to do for fun?
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure they will recover from it though. I hope you are doing well!
Hi! I just got back from a soccer match. I'm a huge fan of soccer. How about you?
How did it happen?  Was it because of an emergency?  Did you get a new door?
I'd love to visit the city, but I'm afraid of traffic. How is it there?
I would love to have a house, but I don't have a yard.  I'm a stay-at-home mom.
I love music, and I play guitar in a band. What kind of music do you like?
I like clouds too.  Do you like cloud computing?  It's a computer science project.
That sounds really cool.  I like the fact that it uses soap and washes.  Do you like soap at all?
I have never been to a farmer market.  Is it similar to what you are looking for?
Oh I see, I guess that's a good choice for the questions. What kind of business do you work in?
I like to read books, but I prefer science fiction.  What is your favorite book?
I am sorry to hear that. What did you do? Did you lose your money?  
I have heard that some people go to prison for alcoholism. Do you have any other hobbies?
I have never been to Denmark but have been to the Netherlands and Belgium!
What subject are you in? I'm a teacher. I love kids. What subject is it in?
I think I'd choose a courtroom or a palace.  I don't think I could live in a castle.
I would love to get into pools, but I've never been to a public one. What do you like doing in your spare time?
I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you lose your limb? I hope you are okay.
I love dancing. I have been dancing since I was five.  Do you dance? 
I have never had more than one child.  What about you?  Do you have any children?
That's a good one. I like Arborea too. Do you have any other hobbies?
I am worried about the job I am applying for.  I think I will give it a shot.
I think it's a good thing to have a healthy lifestyle, especially when it comes to nutrition. What do you think?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Did you get hurt?  I hope it wasn't too bad.
That's interesting, I'm not sure I could do that. Do you have a job? I work in an office, but I'm looking for a job.
That's a good point. I'm not really sure how I'd like to spend money on things I don't need.
I like exercising. I have been trying to get into shape but it is hard. Do you exercise?
I like iced iced coffee as well, it's my favorite.  Do you have a favorite kind?
That's a good question. I'll have to look into that. What type of music is it?
Yes, I agree.  It's hard to get up and get a good workout.  Do you play any sports?
I love roller coasters. I would love to see one of the ones that goes up to the mountains
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get it fixed soon.  I've had a couple times.
I think I would like to go to a nice grocery shop. I love baking. What's your favorite?
I love Synagogue. I would love to go to a Jewish restaurant one day.
Tornado are so scary and scary. I don't think I would want to go to one
Chess is a great game! I love chess, but my favorite is monopoly!
I am not sure if I can say that I know more than I do. What kind of questions do you have?
That is good advice.  It's important to find a balance and balance.  What do you do for exercise?
I'm more a night owls myself. I like to stay up late and watch the sun rise.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to read books about the history of the world.
I love bageles, especially the ones with tomato sauce and cheese on them. I also love the ones made with cream cheese.
I love shopping at the beach. I love going to the beaches.  What do you like to do? 
Chess is one of the most popular games in the world. How do you like it? 
Hi there, I like to run. I also swim in my spare time. How about you?
I agree with you.  I have done this a few times.   Do you have a job?
I would love to visit, but I have never been. I hear it is beautiful. Do you have any plans for Mexico?
That sounds like a good choice.  I think you'll get it.  It's hard for me to choose.
I hate when that happens.    Have you ever had to use one of those before?
That's unfortunate. I hate when people do that. I don't think I could do it.
I live in the south.  I have never seen a mermadad.  Do you?
I have a few suitcases in my house. What kind of suitcas do you have?
I think it is a good idea to be more cautious about it. People are cruel.
Soccer is a team sport played on a rectangular field with a goal at the end of a field.
That's a tough question!  I'm sorry to hear that.  Did you try to find a replacement for the chicken?
I like to wash my hands. Do you? I like washing my hands because it makes it cleaner.
That's interesting. What are you thinking about? I think I'm going to choose a different choice.
What do you do in your spare time? I like to play football with my siblings.
I agree. It's hard to choose. I'm thinking of adopting a dog. Do you know anyone who is a dog owner?
I would like to go back to the Middle East, but I'm afraid of spiders.
I like to hang out with my friends and drink beer.  Do you?  I love beer!
chess is a great game! I like chess too. What other things do you like?
I like to drive. I have a Ford Falcon that I drive all the time. What kind of car do you drive?
I love to shop at Athletic Basketball Shop, which is a store where you can get all kinds of sports gear.
I agree, that's one of the reasons I chose to have kids.  I don't know what I'd have done differently.
I love supermarkets, but they can be pricey.  What is your favorite store?
I like roses, I have a lot of them in my yard, but I don't have any flowers in my garden.
I love chairs, they are so comfy. What do you like to do for fun?
I have a food allergy to beef. I can't eat it in the form of a burger.
That's interesting.  Did he find it funny?  I'm curious.  What did you do?
I like Louisianiana. It's a good place to live. Do you like it there?
How did you answer your phone? Was it on the radio?  I would like to know.
I agree, breathing is a great way to get rid of stress. It's also a great exercise.
I like green fields, but I don't think we have one here.  Do you?
I would probably get a pill for my hormones, I don't like the idea of not using them.
I would like to go on a cruise to the Atlantic and see the Chesapeake Bay.
What is your favorite fici plant?  Mine is an orchid.  Do you have a favorite?
I think I'd go with a turkey or beef.  I love meat.  What do you like?
Hi, how are you doing? My name is joey. Nice to meet you.  
That would be a good question.  I have no idea what I would pick.  What are the choices?
That's a good point, I'll do that. What do you do for a living? 
I like to hunt, but I don't think I have the balls to go into it. 
I love trips. I have been to Florida and Alaska before. Where have you been?
I love playing music! I play in a local bar with friends. Do you play any instruments?
Hi there. How are you doing today? I am good thanks for chatting with me. Have you watched any movies lately?
I like to play in a orchestras in my spare time. What kind of music do you play?
I think I'll choose one option.  What is your choice?   What do you do for a living?
Hi!  I'm Mary, and I'm a bit of an introvert.  What do you like to do for fun?
That would be cool, but I'm more of an outdoory person.  How about you?
Aquariums can be very interesting and educational to visit.   I would love to go to one of those.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can find another option to help you feel better.
I like to eat healthy but I don't know what I want to do with my life. 
I'm sure it would be easier if he had worn the right pair of shoes.  
I agree, exercise is great. What are your hobbies? I love playing tennis.
That's a good idea. I will have to try that.  I love chess! 
Puzzles are fun. What do you like to do on your spare time? I play chess
Wildlife refreshing.   I love the outdoor activities.  I would like to go to Yellowstone National Park.
I would have done a lot worse, he would have had to go to a hotel or something.
I like corn. I like to grill it over an open fire. How about you?
I'm sorry that happened to you.  I hope you are ok.  It can be difficult to deal with guilt.
That sounds interesting!  What do you do for a living?  Are you in a relationship?
I would like to know more about you, what do you like to do for fun? I like to play with legos.
I love to build my stool.  Do you have a favorite type?  I like to build furniture.
That's really strange. Why would anyone be scared of someone they don't know? Is that normal for you?
I would love to travel to Europe but I have never been to any of Europe. What would you choose?
I love that feeling.  I'm happy for you.  Do you have a favorite food?
How are you doing tonight? I'm studying for an exam. What do you like to do for fun?
That's a pretty good idea. I'll have to try and find something to buy for my daughter.
I love how it can be so hard to figure out what you are going to get when you are trying to figure it out.
I like to eat healthy.  I like eating fruits and veggies.  Do you like fruit?
Motorcycles are cool, I have never had one. What do you like to do for fun?
I think I'd put it in a library, I love libraries.  They have a lot of information in them.
I love the word "choose two", which comes from Latin.  What do you like?
I love coffee, I drink it all the time. I love the way it makes me feel awake.
I love museums! I'd probably go to the one with the best exhibits in the world!
I'm a huge fan of the Pacers, but I'm not sure if they are still playing.
I think I'll go with the bath room.  I think it's nice to relax and get some fresh air.
That sounds interesting, do you have a favorite food?  I really enjoy baked goods.
That sounds great. I love townhouse homes. I live in a house in an apartment building downtown.
I would love to go to a beach! The beach is so calming and relaxing!
Hi.  Do you have any questions for me?  I have a tent in the woods.
What do you do for a living?  Do you like to play games?  I do.
I love Billy!  He's such a sweetheart!  What's your favourite thing to do?
I would love to go to England.  I've never been.  Is it beautiful there?
That is interesting.  Do you know who Lindsey was?  I am not sure what she is.
Oh my! I hope it isn't serious.  I'm sorry.  Are you feeling better now?
What kind of books do you like to read? I love fantasy books. I love science fiction.
Good hands are very important.  Do you like dogs?  I have one.  They are the best.
That's a good point.  Do you have any suggestions for a counsellor? 
I think the fountains would be better. I would love to go to the beach.
I like tall buildings.  I think I would choose a tall one.  How tall are you?
I do too.  I'm just a bit tired.  What do you do for work?
I love glee.  It is the best show ever.  Do you like it? 
I like jogging, but I have a bad allergy. I can't do long distance running.
I hope he gets out soon.  What was the cause?  Was it a fire detector?
I'm not sure, but I'm sure you can get it. I've always wanted to go on a cruise.
I like that idea, but I am more of a car person. Do you own a car?
I like to shop at a grocery store, I don't have a home. Do you shop at home?
I agree. I hate when people are so dismissed. It's so inconsiderate of them.
I'm not sure. I'll have to look it up.  Do you have a favorite flowers?
I love food! What do you like to eat? I really like to make spaghetti and meatballs.
That's a great idea. Do you know any good ways to get rid of them? I have never tried.
Hey, how is it going? I just got back from a night walk. I was walking in the park.
I like candles.  What are your favorite candles?  Do you have a favorite?
I would go to a concert and see if I could see them. I have never been to one before.
I don't know if he is still there. But I do know he is a great person.
I don't want to work with wood because of the hard work. What do you like to do?
Dancing is fun! I like to dance with my friends, but I'm not really that good at it.
That's a good idea.  I'll have to do that.  Thanks for the idea!
I love to read, especially when it's a good book. What's your favorite book? I like science fiction and fantasy books.
I'm sorry to hear about that.  What do you think about the Clinton Clinton email scandal?
I know the feeling.  I'm always looking for a new way to start my work.  What do you think?
I agree, I think I'm impatient with waiting for doctors.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like that show as well. What is your favorite show? Do you have any favorites?
How do you feel about gambling? I don't think I've ever been able to win money
That's a good point. It's always nice to have a partner that's there for you.
I like shopping at Barneside Walmart because it's close to me.  I usually get my groceries there.
That is a good one!  I love when it is that way.  Do you have a preference?
I have heard that leeche is used in a lot of things. Do you know what kind of treatment they have?
I agree. I have a feeling you are going to make a difference in life. What is something you are passionate about?
What kind of hat are you talking about? I like to wear hats when I'm out of town.
I agree, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to get a new phone, I need to get on the phone first.
What are some of your favorite teams?  Mine is the Chicago Blackhawks, and my favorite teams are Chicago.
I am sorry. Have you been to a lot of places? I have been a few times.
I think that is a great question to ask. I am going to have to think of it now.
I have always loved cars, especially the Ford Falcon.  I have driven a Ford.  What do you drive?
I'm sorry to hear that. I have anxiety as well as a lot of other things.  
I like to visit museums.  I like learning about history.  What kind of museam you like?
Reading is a good way to pass time.  I like reading.  What is your favorite thing to read?
What kind of things do you do? I love gardening. I love to grow my own vegetables and fruits.
I am from the United States. Where did you grow up?  I am in Georgia.
That's cool. I would probably go with a couch, but I think I would go with the roof.
I love Michigan, it's the only state that's bordered by the Mississippi and Alaska.
I am so sorry about your hair loss. Have you ever had hair loss?  It can be hard to deal with.
What do you think of the movie "Shawshank Redemption"? I love that movie.
What are you going to do in your spare time? I like to read books on train. 
I like to grow my own fruit. I grow a lot of vegetables in my back yard.
I like frozen yogurt, especially with whiskey.  I love ice cream.
I love that place.  I would love to visit.  It is a historical place.
That's a good choice.  I think I'll do that.  What is your choice?
I like the beach but I hate sharks so I don't go to the ocean often.  Do you like sharks?
Do you like to hike? I love the mountains. It's my favorite thing to do.
I love cash drawings!  I'm a cashier at a local gas station so we get a lot of cash.  What do you do?
I love museums.  The Smith musemium is one of my favorites.
Oh I see, I guess I'll have to get a new pair of pants. Thanks for the suggestion!
I have a tiny house in my back yard.  It is small.  How about you?
I'm sorry to hear about you. I hope you are feeling better. Do you have a family?
Yes, balloons are very popular in the world.  They have been around since the 1960s.
That's a good choice!  I like to buy my groceries at Sam's Club.
That's a good choice.  What concert are you going to see?  I love going to concerts.
Oh, I see. Well, it's good to know you're not a fan of Billy.
I think I would choose a horse. I like horses because of how they are able to be used for so many things.
Do you have a favorite sports team? Mine is the Seattle Sounders. I like football.
Kentucky Fried Chickens is my favorite! I like how it has a lot of salt.
I like the outdoors, and I like to go for long bike rides. What about you?
I like the color yellow, it is my favorite color.  I also enjoy the color orange.
What do you think is the cause of rioting in the world?  I don't know.
What are some of your favorite activities? Mine is dancing! I love to get out of work and dance.
I love to go to the salon.  They have so many options.  What is your favorite?
Oh wow, I've never been there. I'll have to check it out. What do you do for fun?
I love gardening, I have a garden in my house. I grow a lot of different vegetables, fruits, and herbs.
That's great. What do you like to do in spare time? I like to play with my computer.
I think it's a good idea to talk to James, he might not want to ruin his marriage.
Hi there, how are you?  Are you having a nice day?  I hope it is!
I love video games. I play them all the time when I have a free time. What video games do you like?
I love the rain.  It's one of the most popular sports in the world.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like jazzy. What type of music does your band play? I like classical music.
I think I'll be okay!  I'm sure it will take some practice.  Do you have any kids?
I would like to go to a farm, but I don't have a ranch. Maybe I will get a shed.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. Are you sure you're not talking about James Bond?
I like cats.  I have one.  Do you have any?  I love them.
Cheese is a good choice for a snack. I like to buy it at the grocery store I work at.
I like the countryside as well.  I love to go to the woods.  What about you?
That's a nice neighborhood. Do you live near a big city or are you in an urban area?
I have no idea what you mean, but lemons are native to Asia and Africa.
I love fruits and veggies. Do you have any favorite fruit?   
I would have to agree with you.  I have always wanted to go to a private school, but I never did.
Do you like shopping? I like to go for a drive in my truck on the weekends.
I have never been to Balkania, is it the capital? Is it in Northern Asia?
I like a good laugh, but sometimes I feel like I have a bit of a downward spirits.
I would like to visit Mexico.  I heard it is a nice place to visit.  It is the capital of the U.S.
Yes, that is very true. I have heard a lot about safety. Do you have any suggestions?
I think that would be a good option! What do you do for a living?  I'm a teacher.
What are you doing? I have never been to a vacation. What is your favorite vacation destination?
That is a good point.  I would have thought it was a heart attack.  But maybe they were just trying to figure it out.
I would have done the same. But I am not sure I would like to risk my money.
I love Ireland!  It's my favorite country in the world!  What do you like to do for fun?
I agree. I'm a bit of a shut down person. What about you? Are you married?
What do you do for a living?  I work in a hair saloon.  I'm a hair stylist.
I've never been to a beach. I would like to go to the beach though.
What do you do for a living?  I'm a teacher.  I teach english.
I have always wanted to be an architect! What is your favorite subject in school? Mine is English literature.
I'm not a big fan of spoon.  Do you know anyone with a drill?
I don't think I would be brave enough to do that. How did you do it?
That is great! I love to listen to music, especially rock music. What kind of music do you like? 
I'm sorry you had to end up with a headache. It's good to get some rest and eat.
I love moisturers, especially when you are at the beach. What's your favorite? 
I've heard they have a lot of Italian restaurants in Georgia, but not sure if they have one near me.
I am a vegetarian but I do eat meat. I don't think I could give up meat.
I like to dance, but I don't know how to do it. Do you?  
I like singing and I like to sing, but not professionally. What do you like?
I think you're right. Human body has been around for at least 5,000 years and is still used today.
I have never had ice cream before, but have had it once, and I think it was pretty good.
I agree. I think it is a good choice though because there is so much more to life than evil.
I agree.  The political climate is changing.  It's hard to find a good political climate these days.
I like Coke too, it is my favorite soft drink.  Do you like it? 
I would like to see a bear in the forest, but I have never seen any. 
That sounds like a good place to live. I love to go to the beach. How about you?
I have heard that it can be caused by a person's breathing apparatus. Do you have a specific reason?
I think you are right. I have a feeling you do not want to give up.  
I have been in a few accidents, but I am glad I did not get injured! 
I love to cook! I love making food in my spare time.  What do you do?
I love jungle. I live on the beach and there's a lake nearby. 
I would probably go with a roller coaster because they are so fun.  Are there any other types of roller coasters you like?
I like ferrets but not as much as pets. I would love a cat. 
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope that you get it.  Do you have any other options you can try?
I like to think of it as a celebration.  Do you like to party?  
I see, that's interesting. What's your favorite kind of music? Mine is rock. Do you like music?
I agree.  I don't think I could have children.  It's just me. 
What kind of music do you like?  I like rock music.  What kind are you into?
I know, I am not sure what to do. I feel like I need to change the subject.
That's interesting. What makes you think that the future of AI is going to be so unpresent?
I hate when cats don't stop barking. I think I would have done the same. 
I love cats.  I have two of them.  What is your favorite animal?  I love all cats.
Hi! How are you doing? I'm just getting back from a dance show. What are you up to?
What type of music do you like?  I love listening to music.  I'm also a musician.
I love to keep teakets.  I have a cupboard in my kitchen.  What do you have?
I love hockey!  I love watching all the teams play together.  Who are your favorite teams?
Wow, that's really interesting, how long have you been playing? I'm not very good.
That's a great idea.  What kind of vehicle do you drive?  I have always wanted a Ford Falcon.
That's good to hear. It's always good to have options for a cure. Do you have a favorite?
That's interesting.  I love books.  Have you ever read any good science fiction?
Hi. I like to bake. What is your favorite kind? I like a nice dessert.
Bread is good, but I prefer grilled fish over broil it.  What do you like to eat?
What do you do for a living?  Are you a pilot?  I am in IT.
I would love to see William H. Hanna. He was a great actor. What about you?
That's a great question to have.  I would have done the same thing.  What did you do?
What is your favorite cupboard? Mine is the one with the stairs in it. Do you like cupboards?
That's awesome.  I hope he is a great candidate.  Do you know if he is going to win?
Hi, my name is jacob. I love the name, and the name. What is your name?
I would have to say that you should put it in the cupboard, since it's a large cup of coffee.
I love shopping at sporting stores.  I love to shop there.  Do you like shopping?
That's great! I love grocery shopping! It's one of my favorites. Do you work at the store?
I love the city, especially because it is so diverse.  Do you have any suggestions?
I think I would go to the bathroom. I think the stairs will be elevated.
What kind of stocking? I love Christmas stocking.  It is my favorite time of year.
Oh my goodness, I hate when that happens. It's always so hard to figure out how to fix it.
I am sorry to hear that.  I hope you are okay and feel better!  What happened to you?
I have never heard of a mail box before.  What is it?  Is it good?
That is interesting.  Did you know that it's not uncommon for a man to have a hard time with women?
Wow that sounds like a great idea! I would have loved to see how they did it. 
She was also a member in the Senior Center for the University of Penn State University.
I'm a business major and I love working in a grocery shop.  What do you do?
I would like to visit a hotel, I have never been to one.  I would love to go on a cruise though.
That's a great choice.  I would love to go to the beach and see the water.
I love Mexico! I would love to see it someday. What part of Mexico is that?
That is a great attitude to have. You have a positive outlook. I hope you are having fun.
Oh, I see. What are some of your favorite comedies? I like the ones where they have a group of comedians.
I agree.  I have a smartphone, and it's a handheld computer.  Do you have one?
What do you mean sweating?  I've never experienced that before.  Are you a runner?
That's terrible. I hope they can recover their money. I'm sorry for the loss of them.
That sounds really interesting! Is it a big one? I love historical stuff. Do you have any hobbies?
I like meeting new people at school.  I go to a lot of different schools.  Do you?
That is a good idea. I will try to make sure I get one. Do you have any suggestions?
That sounds interesting. Do you know how to use a knife?  I like them because they are easy to use.
I like to cook, but I have never had a beach pot. What is it? 
That sounds great! What kind of books do you like to read? I'm not much into books.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have another appointment scheduled for you?
What is a shuttle library? I've never heard of it. Is it a book? 
I would have a storage unit in my garage. I think you can put a lot of food in there.
I can understand that.  What kind of parenting style are you looking for?  I have a son and daughter.
What is the weather like where you are at. I would like to see if I need a t-shirt.
That was very nice of him. I am glad he was able to find something that he liked.
I like to play poker at the casino. I usually play blackjack at the local casino, but I don't go often.
I like to get my hair done at the salon. I get it done every week. Do you have a job?
I like to go to the park, it is so peaceful. I also like to look at nature in my spare time.
Hi, I'm from New York. Do you live in the US? I love to shop there.
I think I'll have to do this.  I have never been to a State fair before.
I'm sorry that happened.  I hope you can find a solution for your situation.  It's hard to get a good counselor.
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like going out for coffee and playing soccer.
I love to read, especially about current events.   What do you like to do? 
I love challenging questions.  I love to challenge myself.  Do you like to challenge challenges?
I would love to go fishing with my fishing equipment.  I like to fish in my spare time. Do you like fishing?
I would say that is the best option. I would have to agree. What is your choice?
I am sorry to hear. What is making you sad? Do you have a favorite food? 
I'd love to have a home that was built on a roof, but I don't have a place like that.
That's a great choice. I would love to visit India. It's one of the largest cities in the world.
I have never been to a concert. I would love to though!   What type of music do you like?
I'm going to be a teacher, but I don't know if that's what I want. What do you want to do?
I know that feeling. I've been there before.  Do you ever feel embarrassed when you're getting sick?
I think that's a good point.  The word "tug boat" was first documented in a French man named Charles Alderton.
I think I'll go to a local store to see if they have any good deals. Do you have any suggestions?
I love grocery shopping. I like to get my coffee there before I go to work. How about you?
I would love to do that, I would like to be able to speak a variety of languages.
That's interesting. I'm not really a fan of flowers but I do like flowers.
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. I like to wear blue when I go to the movies.
I love the Atlantic oceans! The Atlantic is one of the most beautiful places to visit.
I think you're right.  I don't think I would be able to do anything about it.
I love winning!  What do you like to do for fun?  I love playing cards.
That's a bummer, I hope they don't give you a bad one.  What kind of car is it?
I love rural areas, I grew up in a small town in Wyoming. What about you?
I'm a business owner so I have a hard time choosing one. Do you have any suggestions?
I love playing games, I play them with friends all the time. Do you like to play games?
That's cool. I love to study, so I'd love to get my homework done.
I don't like clowns at all! They're so unexpected and unproductive.
I'm going to church tonight! It's a great place to meet new people! Do you like church?
Shopping is a great way to spend a day. It is the world's largest retailer in the world
I love penguins, I think they are very cute. What's your favorite animal? 
I've always wanted to visit Africa. It is one of the most popular destinations in the world!
I like rug. It is one of the most popular types of rug in the US.
I'm sorry to hear you are struggling with your health.  I hope he is okay. 
That's great. I love daytime. I get to watch the sun rise before I go to bed.
That's great.  I love going to the library!  They have so many good books!
That's a great idea.  I will have to remember that.  Do you like to cook?
Drugs are illegal in my country. I would rather not get into them.  What about you?
That's good.  It's nice to have options for a kid to learn how to read.
I like news. I like how it is so informal and informative. What about you?
I'm not sure what to answer your question. I don't know if I can answer it.
Puddle? I'm not familiar with it. What is it? Is it a liquid or a liquid?
I agree, it is important to avoid pain.  What would you do if your teacher didn't give you a good choice?
I love to read, and I love the fact that you can find them in almost every continent except Antarctica.
I'm not sure what I would have done if I didn't have to wear a full outfit
I love reading, especially science and history.  How about you?  What is your favorite book?
I like coffee, but I'm not sure I'd like to be in a coffeehouse.  I'd have to get up early.
I love to look at the stars. I love the night. Do you like the night? 
That's great. What do you do for a living? I work in a hospital. I love it!
That's interesting. I've always wanted to be able to sleep in. I can't imagine being awake at a time.
I love to use the word "choose" because of its versatility and it can be used for so many different things.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hate when that happens. Did you tell your boss? 
I think that is a good idea. What are some of your hobbies?  I like to go out and get out and socialize.
Howdy!  How are you doing?  I love the fair!  What do you do for fun?
I like to use tooth paste, but I have not done that in years. Do you like it?
I like the aquatic ponds, they are great for catching fish! How about you?
That is so scary. I hope you recover soon.  Do you have any family?  
I love a good cup of coffee. I have a cup every morning. Do you like coffee?
That sounds like a good idea.  Do you like mosquitoes?  I like the taste of them.
Painting is fun. I have a lot of friends who do it for a living. I like to paint pictures of flowers.
The word "slavery" was first recorded in the 14th century. I wonder what happened when slaves were slaves.
Offices are nice.  I like to read about them.  How often do you go to the office?
I love to read, but I have never had one of those.  I prefer a hard copy.
Oh, I love Madagascars. I have seen the original one on NBC.
Hi there, what kind of things do you like to do in your spare time?  I am a fan of hiking.
Do you like outdoor activities? I like to garden in my backyard.
I'm a big fan of the rain, but I don't like the heat. Do you?
I don't think I have ever heard that phrase before.  What is it?  I'm curious.
Wow, that's a long arm!  How long did it take you to get the answer?
I agree. What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? Mine is going to the mall.
Hello. How are you? What is your favorite thing to do? I love to read. 
I love treasures. I would have to say I would choose one. What is your favorite treasure?
I see. What is your favourite thing to do for fun? I like to play soccer and swim.
Hockey is a great sport, and it's one of the oldest and most popular sports in the world.
I love shopping!  Do you have a favorite shop?  I like to shop at Sam's Club
That's an interesting point. I guess that's one way to solve it. What do you like to do for fun?
That sounds like a good choice.    I like chess too.  How about you?
What do you like to eat? I like pizza and I like to cook for my neighbors.
That's a great idea, I think I'll try that. Do you have any other suggestions?
Cellar cellar is a good one. I like mine with a lot of fruit, vegetables, meats and condiments.
I think it's important to have a place where the grave can be preserved for a period of time.
I love to travel.  I have been to Europe and Asia, but I have never been to any country.  How about you?
I would love to see a caf. I have never been to a live show before.
Hi how are you today?  I like motorcycles.  What do you like to do?
Yes, it can be hard to choose the correct option sometimes. What is your favorite kind of food?
I have a lot of questions.  I'm not sure which one is the right one.  
I'm so scared of spiders and I hate them. I don't think I'd be brave enough to do that.
I think it's a good idea to think of it like that. I think we all have our own ways of thinking.
I love cake! Especially cake from a fancy bakery. What is your favorite flavor? 
Oh no! I hope you're alright! I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have any fun rides?
I would love to go. It would be so nice to see my grandparents again. 
That is good to know.  Homework can be very difficult, and can make a lot of problems.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you been able to get some rest?  I'm sure it will be better tomorrow.
I love paper.  I love to read the news.  What do you like to read?
Hi, I'm a big fan of apples. I love all sorts. How about you?
I like meeting new people. What about you? What kind of friends do you have? Do you have any friends?
What is your favorite thing to do for fun?  I like to go for bike rides.
I'm not sure what I want to say. I don't know if I should be more careful with my food.
That's a good point. I will have to check out that.  Do you have any tips on how to save money?
I love scary movies, but I also love adventure movies and horror movies. What do you like?
Yes, I have had to have a laxax to get rid of the stress. Have you ever had one?
I think I will go to the beach. I love the beaches. How do you like it?
That is very nice of you. Do you have any children?   I have a son. 
I love fried Chicken. It's my favorite fast food. How about your favorite?
I would probably carry a pocket knife. I would have to use it in case I get robbed.
What kind of potatoes do you like? I like mine with a ton of meat. 
I'm sorry to hear that. Are you ok? Do you have any other options?  
I would have to agree with that. I would not want to die. I have never been in an accident.
I like chatting, but I have never been good at making friends.  How about you?
I think that would be a great choice.  I would love to work for a large multinational company.
That's interesting, what do you do for work? I am a teacher at a school. 
I like shopping at Sam's Club because they sell all kinds of groceries and meats.
I think you are going to do great!  Do you have any other goals in your life?
That would be so cool! I'd love to have a dog but I live in an apartment.
Yes I agree, I think I have a headache. What do you like to do for fun?
I love to travel.  I like to go to Europe.  Have you ever been there?
I love sharks!  I think I would go with a shark or sea turtle.
McDonalds was founded in 1940 by a businessman named Richard and Maurice McDonald
That's good advice, I like going to the gym. I also like to work out. 
shopping martial arts malls are the best! what kind of clothes do you like?
I'm not sure what the question is, but I'm sure there were plenty of options. 
What kind of movie is it?  I like action movies.  I love action movies, and comedies.  Have you seen it?
I would love to go to a park, but I'm afraid of heights. I like going to the lake.
I love the reef, but I don't think I could handle a shark in my mouth.
I have heard that Jewish communities are very diverse. I have never been but it sounds nice.
I love trains! I love all of the different stations in the United States.  
That is too bad. I'm sorry. I hope you are able to find someone who can help.
I love a good pie, but I also love to eat fruits and vegetables.
I love music store.  I play the drums.  What kind of store do you work at?
That's a pretty interesting question. I guess it would be better if he used a gun or something.
I don't think I would ever want to commit suicide.  It's not a good thing.
That's a good point. I'll have to check out that.  Do you have any other suggestions?
I love church!  It's one of the oldest and largest church services in the world.  What church do you belong to?
I like to sit down and read. I like a good book. What about you? What do you like to do?
I like the city life, but I like my city a lot. What city are you from?
I love Florida!  I have been there a few times.  I love the beaches and the water.
I agree, compliments are important. What would you do if you didn't have one?
That is interesting.  I was thinking more like a bridge.  What type of car did you get?
I have never heard of anyone who has died of starving. I hope you don't have to deal with that.
I love cupboarding! It is one of the most popular types of apples around the world.
I'm not sure I understand. What do you do for a living? I work in a bank.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever had it? I hope everything works out for you.
I think I'm a little bit of a skeptic myself.  I like to think that I'm not lying.
That is a good point. What do you like doing for fun? I like to go for a run.
I like the outdoors, but I don't think I could choose. What is your favorite place to go?
Do you dance for fun? I love dancing. It's one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
I like to write poetry.  I have a few friends who are really good at it too.
Rowboats are great for traveling and for recreation! Have you ever been on one?
I like to dance, but I don't do it often. I like dancing with friends, family, and family.
Yes! I hate it when people are in line for a long line. It makes me anxious
I think he's in a hotel hotel.  I'm sure he will be there a long time.
I agree with you. I like shopping online.  I like how easy it is to shop online.
I would love to help people, I love helping people. What are your hobbies?  
I would say a closet is a place where you store your home and you don't have to worry about it.
I like to use mine when I go to the store. I like using it to clean dishes.
I love trains. I have a few myself. I love how big they can get. 
I like the alihuahua, it is the largest terrestrial carnivore on the planet.
That would be interesting.  What do you do for a living?  I am a teacher.
I love microwaves.  They're so convenient.  Do you like to cook?
Hi! I am a big fan of whiskey, and I enjoy drinking it with friends.
That's interesting.  I like to think I am smart enough to make decisions like that.  What else do you enjoy?
That's a good choice.  I love space ships.  They're my favorite.  What's yours?
That sounds fun.  I love to smoke.  What kind of things do you like to do?
Oh, I love to wash my clothes! What do you like to do for fun?  
I like your answer.  I have a hard time deciding between the two options.  Do you have any suggestions?
I'm a big fan of learning, so I try to make sure I do all of it.  
I like fishing. It's one of my favorite past times. I like to catch fish. 
That's interesting. What do you do for work? I'm an avid reader. 
I don't really watch televisions much. I prefer books. I like to read comic magazine though.
I have a friend who's a designer.  He's very talented.  What do you do?
I have never been there but would love to one day. Do you have any recommendations for places to visit?
What is your favorite kind of paper? Mine is cardboard.  Do you have a favorite?
What city is that? I've never been to one. I've always wanted to visit a museum.
I love the outdoors.  I like to go camping.  What about you?
I have never been to jail.  I am a teacher, so I have been to a few schools.  What did you do?
I'm a big fan of marijuana.  I like how easy it is to have it in a bag.
That's cool. I like fountains. I'm not a big fan of crowds.
I like horses.  They are very social.  I like how they compete against each other.
That's a good choice.  Do you have a favorite animal? I have a cat.  I love him so much.
That is a great question.  I would like to be able to choose the correct option. 
That would be embarrassing to see him in person. I'm sure that was embarrassing for him.
Oh, I thought you meant to say "how do you like it?"  I guess I am not good at spell check.
I would love to see a restaurant that serves indian food. I would also like to go to the Indian suburban.
I would love to visit Austria. I have always wanted to see the Alps. Have you been?
I love your style.  What do you like to do for fun? I like gardening.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better. Do you like tea? I love it!
I think that is a good choice.  I like the leg leg.  What is your favorite road?
That's a good choice. Do you prefer deodors or anti-deodorants?
Yes, I agree. I'm looking for a vacation. What is your favorite vacation destination?
I like to play video games. What do you play?  I like playing Dungeons and dragons.
I like to buy my hairbrushes at a salon.  They are usually cheaper and easier to maintain.  How about you?
I love going to Chic Filipino.  It's my favorite.  I love the food.
That is a good point.   What is your favorite store in the world?  Mine is a H&M store.
I like to use ink and ink.  I have a lot of squid papers in my house.  How about you?
Birthday cake is a great occasion for a party! I love cake. What kind of cake is it?
I love to cook.  I love making my own fried chicken.  How do you like yours done?
I like to wear my suit.  It makes me feel like an animal.  How about you?
I've been to Colorado, I like it. It's the most sparsely populated state in the US.
I like to play with Legos.  It is a simple game that is fun to play.
I can't say that I've had any bad experiences. But I have had a couple of bad ones. 
That is awesome. I'm glad you are doing well.    What are your other options?
That sounds really good. I love bathtubs. They are a great way to relax after a long day.
I don't drink alcohol, but I have been to a bar.  They have great wine.
How do you know?  Are you a lawyer?  I am, but I'm not good at it.
That is a great way of thinking about it! Do you think it is possible to have a child with a disability?
What's your favorite subject in school?  I'm a history buff.  What do you like to do?
That's a good choice, but it's good to be able to recycle your stuff.
I would rather be competing in an Olympic event.  Do you like sports?
I'm not sure if it was a public pool or private pool, but I do know that it was built in San Bernardino.
That is great to hear. I'm glad you are happy. What do you do for a living?
I'm so happy for you! I'm proposing tonight, and she's my best friend. What about you?
I love rivers! I live near a lake in Florida.  What's your favorite?
I guess you're right. I guess I'm not a good person because I have a hard time understanding others. 
What's your favorite subject in school?  Mine is English.  I love reading and writing.
I like to use my own razors, but I don't use shaving kits. 
What is a train station? Is it a big one? I have never heard of it. 
I think I might go to the store and get some new groceries today.  What do you think?
I like to play soccer, it's a great sport!  It is played on a rectangular field, with two teams of eleven players.
That's a good point. I like to eat out with friends. We all have different tastes. 
The church is a great place to go to get a seat.   Do you go often?
Chess has been around for a very long time.  It dates back to the late 19th century. 
That is a great idea! I will definitely try it! Do you have any suggestions on what to get?
Atlantic oceans are beautiful, they are one of the most populated in the world.
Piano is an acoustic instrument that has an amplifier on the strings.
That's interesting, how long have you been in school?  Do you have a favorite color?
What do you do for a living? I'm an artist. I love to paint portraits.
I love radio! I like to listen to music on repeat! What kind of radio do you like?
I like to exercise, I like running after I eat. It's a good way to stay in shape.
I am sorry to hear that.  Do you have other options for the airplane? 
I love the pianos.  They are so powerful.  What kind do you play?
That is a good choice.  I would choose an office or home office.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's a good idea.  What kind of work are you looking for?  Is it an automotive repair shop?
What kind of beer is it? I like beer. I like it because it is one of the most widely consumed beers in the world.
I love listening to the sound of the rainbow and I have a dream of being able to hear a rainbow.
I love to dance. It's such a beautiful movement. What kind of dance do you prefer?
I like dorms.  I like to go to the dorm where I live.  It's a good way to save money.
I would love to visit the zoo.  I would like to see the giraff there.
Hi!  I love to read about village tribes.  What is your favorite?
That sounds fun, I love adventure! I would love to see a good old adventure.
I have never been there, but I have been to Georgia. I love that it is located in the Southeastern United States.
I love surfing.  I usually play board games with my friends on my spare time.
That is a good choice, I like the salt water, but the beach is nice too.
I like to play the violin but I'm not that good.  Do you play? 
I love grocery shopping. I go there for my vegetables. Do you like grocery stores?
I love to talk to other human people.  I am a very good listener.  How about you?
Opera is a great opera.  I like watching it in theaters. 
I would love to visit the airport. I think it would be a good time. How do you feel about it?
I think it would have been best to just answer the phone.  I would have called the teacher.
I'm happy you feel better. What do you think caused you to be so forgiving? 
I love cars. How about you?  What kind of cars do you like to buy? 
I love concerts! I saw Led Zeppelin once, they're my favorite band.
I don't understand what you mean. Do you know why the police did not call the police?
I don't watch much tv. I prefer to read books, though. Do you have any favorite books?
That's interesting. I wonder how long it has been there. I know it was first discovered in the late 1800s.
I like to cook. What do you do for a living? I work in fast food. 
I would have to agree with you on that. I would like to be able to serve justice. Do you have a job?
That is a good one, I am going to college at the moment.  What are you studying there?
I like Home Depot, it is a great place to get all my furniture.
I like reading about the health department in my spare time.  What do you like to read?
Excrete!  What is your favorite animal?  I love cats, but I'm allergic.
I would love to travel to the Pacific and see what it is like there.  
I'm not sure what you are referring to. What is your favorite color? Mine is green.
I love meat.  I have a lot of meat in my diet.  What do you like to eat?
What's the name of that hospital?  Is it in Dearborn, Michigan?  I live near there.
That is so cool, I love animals. I would like to see an animal in real life.
I would wear a helmet if I were in a situation like that. I don't want to get injured or hurt.
I agree.  It is so important to have the right people in our society to be able to help us achieve goals.
I love snakes.  They are my favorite.  I have a few that I take hiking with.
I'm not sure what hotel is going to do, but if he wants to stay in a hotel, I think I'll go with a hotel.
I would love to take my car to work.  I don't know how to take it without it!
What kind of music do you play?  I like classical, but I don't play.
I love to play the viola. The sound is so beautiful. Do you play any instruments yourself?
Hi there. How are you? I am just getting ready to go to my office, it is a small office.
I agree, it seems to be a very common mistake.  I think you should be more careful. 
That's interesting, do you ever go to a bus stop? I've never been to one.
I have never had a wine press before, but I've heard of it. I'll have to look it up!
I don't know if I want to be murdered but I would be willing to try it.
I can't say that I have ever experienced any traumatic experiences but I've heard of them, what happened?
I think that would be a good choice.  I think I would like to see what the future holds with the Roman Age.
That's a great choice! I love state parks! What's your favorite state park? Mine is probably Yellowstone.
I agree. I have been waiting for this for ages. I am so anxious about it.
Hello, how are you tonight? I am well. I have just got off work from work.
What language do you speak? I'm not good at it. I can only speak english and spanish.
I don't think it's so bad.  I'm a big fan of the military.  What do you think?
That's a good point, I'll make that one.  What would you choose?  Do you have a favorite food?
I would have to agree with you on that.  Laundry can be a nightmare!
Hi how are you doing?  I just got back from my morning run.  I'm feeling good.
I would like that. I would have to say a gravette would be a good choice.
I love furnitture stores.  They have great chairs, couches, and chairs.
That's a good idea.  I'll make sure to make a backup plan.  Thanks for the tip
I like the outdoors. I like to take long walks in the park. I have a lot of rooms in my apartment.
That's a good point, I guess it's hard to decide. What do you like to do for fun?
I have never heard of that band.  What kind of music do they play?  What is the name of the band?
I agree. What are some qualifications you need to have in your job to get a job?
I'm sorry to hear that! Have you ever been in a situation like that before?  
I would love to travel, but I am too afraid to travel alone.  How about you?
What do you mean eternal? I'm a Christian, but I'm not sure if I believe that.
Good for you! It's good to have goals in life. What do you do for work?
What do you like to do for recreation?  I love swimming.  It is one of the top public recreational activities.
That's awesome!  What is the most you have done for a living?  Mine is makeup.
That's a good point.  I have learned to learn more from reading.  What is your favorite book?
I like the way you describe it. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue, I love it!
I think it would be coal because it is the most abundant.  It is also used in furniture.
I would love to visit Arizon.  I hear it is the most sparsely populated state in the US.
I agree. I love singing! It's a shame that she sang in front of so many people.
I like the lake.  I live near the Mississippi River.  
I would love to live in a basement, but I have never been. I'd rather live in the garage.
Oh, I see. I didn't know there were so many options for that. Do you have a preference?
That's a nice rug, I like rug.  Do you have any rugs?
I think I would check for a stalker. They are very common these days. Do you know of any?
I like that.  I have never had children yet.  How long have you been married?
Water gardening is fun. I love to garden and I love the outdoors.
Samantha is my favorite singer.  Do you have a favorite?  Mine is probably Lady Gaga
I would say a child is a success.  How many children do you have?  Do you have a family?
That's a good idea. I'll have to do that. Do you have any hobbies?
I have never done it, but it seems that it would be a good way to get rid of the moisturizer.
I'm a big fan of Linen Cook.  Do you like Linen?  I've never been to his store.
I like vinyls. I like the sound and the way they sound. Do you have a favorite?
What do you think of the doctor's decision?  I am not sure what they thought.  I would have done differently.
I'm not much of a reader, but I know it's important.  Do you like music?
Hi there, I'm a big fan of science and math. What are your hobbies? 
That's cool.  I like to travel, but I don't have much of an airline.  What do you do?
Hi! Do you like classrooms? I love to read and I have a lot of classroom friends.
I like to sit on the couch and play video games. I think it would be a good choice.
What are some of your favorite things to eat? I'm a big fan of sushi.
That is good to know!  Do you like baking?  I love baking.  It's one of my favorite things to do.
What do you do for a living? I work at a bank. It's a small company.
Chemistry labs can be fun and scary at times.  What do you study in school?
Walking is a good exercise! I love to walk, especially on the beach! It's relaxing.
What do you do for a living? Are you a student or employed? I work in a factory
That's great advice! What do you do for a living? I'm a teacher.  
That's awesome! What do you do in your spare time? I like to go for long walks on the beach.
I like to meet new people, but I don't like when it comes to meeting new people.
I like coffee, it is a good source of energy.  What do you like to do for fun?
I would like to see the bus stop, but it seems to be very dangerous!  What do you do for fun?
Oh, that's interesting. I didn't know they had koals in Japan. I thought it was weird.
I like exercising, but I have never done it before. I do enjoy a good workout though.
I have read that it is a good book. I like to read a good science fiction book.
I like to think I am a good person, and I am not a great person.  
I love gardening! It's so relaxing to have a fresh fruit and herbs growing in my garden.
I like soda but I have a hard time with sweeteners.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's interesting. Do you like it there?  I love meeting new people.  I work in a law office.
I like to dance, but I'm not that great at it. I prefer to be at the gym.
I love amusements! I like to go to the fairground and ride roller coasters.
That is good advice.  Do you have a favorite subject?  Mine is math.  It is so hard for me to concentrate.
I think I would feel good after I went for a run.  What do you do for a living?
I think that's the best option.  It's good to be prepared for these types of questions.
I like to think I am a good person, I like talking to people.  What about you?
I'd like to find some antique stuff, but I don't think I could find anything worth it.
Mary is a wonderful woman, and she is one of the most popular actors of all time. 
I would love to visit the Gulf of Mexico. I heard it's a beautiful country. 
What's the question?  I'm not sure I understand.  Are you in the process of decoding the order?
Military bases are cool.  They provide theatrical productions.  What is your favorite type of movies?
I think it's better to be safe than sorry, but I guess I'll have to do that.
I agree, but it's good to have options to think about.  I don't think I could do it.
What is the topic of the show?  I love opera.  I am going to watch it tonight.
Yes! It is a store that sells fabrics and other materials.  Do you like quilt?
That is a good choice. What are you majoring in school for? I'm a business major.
I think you are correct.  I was thinking of a group of people.  What do you think?
I would have to agree. The question is what I would do if I were going to use silverware in a cupboard.
I love eggs. They are one of the most popular breakfast foods in the world. I like how they are prepared for different meals.
I like to keep track of my purchases. I don't have to worry about money too much.
I like the clean air, but I don't have a problem waking up in the morning.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you're okay.  Is your knee still hurt?
I think that is a good option for compost, but I'm not sure what it's called.
I like to buy toys at thrift stores. I like the look of them too. 
What do you do for a living?  I am a college student.  I have been studying for years. 
What do you do for a living?  I work in IT.  I am a teacher.
That's a good choice, I'm sure you'll be able to find your dog.  What kind of dog do you have?
I like to write poetry. What is your favorite poet? Mine is Jacob Settes.
I like that idea. I like to think of myself as the best.  What do you like to do for fun?
I agree.  I think the best thing is that it is a beautiful day for this time of year.
That's awesome. I love going to concerts. I've been to quite a few. Do you? 
I love gardening, I like to go to the beach and look at all the waves.
That's a good question.  I'm not sure what you mean by "choose a single choice" - do you have a preference?
I like groomers, I don't mind them.  What do you do for a living?
I love shopping for bbq sauce! I love the spicy ones. What is your favorite? Mine is BBQ.
That's interesting.  I've never visited the forest, but I've visited a lot of national museums.
You are correct. The word "pizza" is a Latin word for bread. 
I like to cook, but I'm not sure how to cook. How do you feel about cooking?
I love children's pools!  I love the water, especially with their buoyancy.
That is interesting.  I guess you are a big fan of concerts?  What kind of music is it?
I am not sure I understand.  Why did he quit?  Did he not have the time?
I always wash my hands before I eat. It's important that I don't get any diseases from eating
I agree, treasures are very valuable.  I like the way they explore the world.
I love gardening!  What type of plants do you grow?  Do you grow them?
I think I would have done the same thing. I would probably have taken a nap. 
I think I would like a nice new computer.  Do you have any?  I love mine.
Yes, I agree with you. I love music.  What kind of music do you like to listen to?
I am sorry to hear about his eye.  I hope he has a bright future ahead of him.
I'm glad you think so. I think it's good to know you are thinking positively.
I think it's good to be prepared.  I have a tendency to make mistakes.  What is your favorite food?
I agree! I would love to be able to see more of theater. What is your favorite movie?
I would like to go to the casino.  I would love to see all of the live music.
I like scribles, they are a great writing instrument.  Do you have any pets?
I would love to see a good designer build a new house one day. What do you like to do?
I love Los Angeles. I went to the beach a few years ago. Have you been there?
That sounds great.  I love to learn from other people's knowledge.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love going to the movies and seeing the theater, so I guess that is where I go.
I like that show too, I like the show "Jeopardy" where they solve crimes.
I love to cook, but I'm not much of a baker. I'm more of a gamer. What do you do?
I think he was awake for a good amount of time and he was feeling very energetic.
I like to go to the brewery and buy beer. Do you like to drink beer?
I like to listen to radio, radio, and tv.  What is your favorite radio show?
I like to cook. What is your favorite toppings? I like pepperoni, sour cream and mushroom.
That sounds awful. I would probably run away if I were you. Do you have any pets?
I love the feeling of helping others. I'm not sure if I'm the only one that feels that way.
That is good.  What kind of job do you have?  I'm a homeowner.
That's a good point. I think the clouds will make me feel more enlightened.
I love to go out and see the wildlife. What about you? What's your favorite animal?
What kind of things do you do for a living? I work at a bank. I love it.
That's interesting. Do you think it's a food source? Or is it just a hobby?
I would love to live in Mexico. It is so beautiful there. What is your favorite part about it?
I agree, but it is hard to get rid of garbage.  I have a hard time getting rid of it.
I love cake, especially cake, but I don't eat it much.  I'm more of a cake person.
That is a bummer.  Have you ever broken a bone?  I have never broken any myself. 
I like your style of thinking. I like that. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue.
I have never been to church in my life. I prefer art museums though. What do you do?
That is a good idea, I will have to think about it.  Thanks for the suggestion.  What do you do for a living?
Wine is great. I love it. I drink it all the time. What about you?
Gymnasum is a gymnastic facility in a public facility. What is your favorite?
That's good to know.  I am not sure if I can give up money.   Do you work?
Billy was an American actor, singer, songwriter, and dancer.
How are you doing this afternoon? I just got home from work. What do you do?
That is cool, I like to read books when I am not working.  What about you?
I love cupboards. I've made them all over the world. How about you? 
What do you like to do for fun? I like to read, but I'm more interested in writing.
I agree, I love outdoor activities. I love camping and hiking. What about you?
Yes, I like math. It is one of my favorite subjects. What is yours? 
I'm not sure I would want to go to a bar with a bunch of people.  I'd rather have a drink.
That's a good point.  I wonder what it was like to see the sun light on the horizon.
I have never had herpes.  Are you a fan of ginger? I like it.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you feel any emotion towards the victims of the crime?
How many kids do you have? I have a son and a daughter who are grown. Do you have children?
I love to learn about history, it is one of the most fascinating subjects in the world.
I love Mexico, it's one of the most diverse countries in the world. Do you like it?
I have never been to a big city. I have only visited the countryside. Have you?
I love shopping at stationery stores!  What is the store called?  Do you have a favorite store?
Hi!  I work at a corporate office, and it's great.  I get to work from home.
What do you do for a living? Do you have any hobbies?  I like to clean.
I like to think that the scale is the size of my house.  I have a hard time decorating my office.
I love Canada, I've been there many times.  It's the second-largest country in the world and the third-most sparsely populated.
That's a good choice.  I'm sure it won't cost you too much.  
Beaches can be beautiful.  I have never been to one.  Are there any beaches in the US that you would like to visit?
What type of cake do you like?  I really like sweet potatoes.  I also like cheese.
I agree! What do you do for a living? I work in an office. I hate it.
I love brunch, especially fast food.  What about you?  Do you have any favorites?
Oh wow, I love animals.  What kind of dog do you have?  I had a Labrador growing up.
I love beer, but I don't drink it very often. What is your favorite beer? 
Candies are good, but not as good for you as a treat. Do you like candy?
I would love to go to indianapolis, the capital of michigan.  I have never been there.
Hi, do you have any hobbies? I like reading books.  Do you have a favorite?
I agree, I hate when people are so hard on themselves. What do you do for fun?
I think that's a great choice. What grade level are they in? Do you like math?
That's cool. What kind of work do you do?  I work at a bank. 
What is galaxy? I have never really heard of it. I will have to look it up! 
I love to read. Do you? What kind of books do you like? Do you have any favorites?
Yes, that is a good point.  He is the founder of the fishing business.
That's a tough choice. I guess it depends on where you are located.   
I like to watch trash shows. They can be so entertaining. I also really like reality television shows.
I hate when that happens. I'm sorry to hear that. Have you looked into it online?
I have an A fire exterminator in my house.   I use it to keep fires out of the house.
I'm not sure. I am not a big fan of basketball. I like to go to the beach and surf.
What is a fast lane? Is it a highway or something? I've never heard of it.
Hi, I like reading. I like to read about other people's lives. How about you?
I love cats, I love all of them, but I'm not sure where I can find them.
I am not sure if I want to be a student, but I have always liked learning. What do you like to do?
I love shopping at supermarkets, they have the best produce. Do you go often? 
I'm sorry you have to deal with that.  I'm so glad to hear you are going to prison!  I hope it's for the best.
I like nature a lot.  Do you like nature?  I like the outdoors as well.
Yes, I agree. The introductions of mass manufacturing began with the invention of the machine.
I'm sorry, that happened to you. I hope you can get it resolved soon. I hate when animals get in trouble.
I think I would be more of an outdoor person than a strict one. Do you have a choice?
I love to wash my pools!  I usually bring a t-shirt and a towel.  What else do you like to do?
I love fish! What kind of fish do you fish for? I like salmon and trout.
I think that is a great choice.  I would like to find a good captain in the Air Force.
I'm sorry to hear. That's awful.   I hope that you don't have to deal with that.
Salad dressings are delicious!  I like dressing on my eggs, tomatoes, and onions.
That is interesting, what is your favorite kind of food? I love spicy Asian food. What is yours?
I love garlic. It's so delicious.  What is your favorite food?   
Dale is a great horse name for a horse. Do you like horses? I love them.
I feel so much better about myself. I feel like I've been improving. I have done great. How about you?
That's a good choice.  What do you do for a living?  Do you work?
I would have to say a reef tank. I have seen so much great stuff on there.
I would have a hard time decorating a rug with footsteps. Do you think that would be an option?
I love to eat, and I love eating. What about you? What do you like to eat?
That's good to hear.  I think it's important to know what you can do.  Do you like your job?
I love to garden. What do you do for fun? I love the outdoors.
That sounds like a great idea.  I think that is what I will do for my kids.
I have heard of it, but never seen it.  Do you know if it is a spinal?
That sounds great. I like talking to new people. What is your favorite kind of food? I like italian
That's too bad. I'm sorry you had to go through that. I hope that he didn't lose a lot.
I'm not sure if I should go to college but I think I will.  What are some of your options?
How do you feel about math? I'm a math major. It's my favorite subject in school.
What is your favorite type of car to go to the streets? Mine is a Teslas.
That's a good point. It's hard to find someone who can be trustworth. 
I love shopping at the dollar tree. I love the selections of the items. What is the product of?
I like cities. What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to the beach.
Hi there. Hows it going? Are you from the US? I am from Canada. 
I like biking, but I'm afraid of riding in the dark. I don't like being out on the streets.
Yes, I agree. I like that. I'm also a fan of computers. What about you?
I think you can do it.  I would have to be brave.  What do you like to do?
Coffee and tea is my favorite thing to drink in the world! What about you? What do you like?
Roses are beautiful.  I would love to see them all.  Do you like roses?
I love fruit, especially strawberry and banana. What do you like on yours? 
I love the snow. It makes me feel like I can go skiing.  What do you like to do?
That's interesting. What do you like to do for fun?  I like to play games on the computer.
What type of food do you like?  I love veggies.  I grow them in my garden. 
I love flying.  I'm flying to Seattle in a few months.  Do you have a favorite airport?
I'm sorry to hear that. I know that feeling is hard. Do you like to laugh?
What is your favorite food? I love pasta.  I could eat it every day. 
Yes, I love to be in a good mood.  What do you like to do? 
I like to use glass for my kitchen. What do you like to do in your free time?
Hi there. I'm just relaxing. What do you do for a living? I'm a teacher.
What is the hotel called?  Is it a hotel?  I love hotels.  I've never been to a hotel.
I think I will choose a bike. I think it would be safer to ride in the city.
What do you want to do for a living?  I want to be able to teach science.
I'm so sorry to hear that.  I have a feeling you're a bit of a lonesome person.
I'm sorry to hear that!  I have a headache.  I hope you don't get it too badly!
I love books, I'm reading the hunter gump right now. What is your favorite book?
I love rain!  It's so relaxing and soothing to sit on the water and watch the cloud rise.
I love swimming, but I'm not that good at it. I prefer to swim in lake or river pools.
I am a woman, and I have a lot of privilege. I don't have to worry about getting in trouble.
I live in the middle of nowhere. I like to stay at home and read books. How about you?
I love drinking.  It's so good to get a buzz.  What's your favorite?
That's unfortunate. What happened to your bones, if you don't mind me asking?
I have never been to a countryside before. I'd like to go someday though.
I like buying them in the farmer market. I like the variety of fruits and veggies. What is your favorite fruit?
What games do you like? What is your favorite game to play?  I love video games, especially RPGs.
Chess is one of the most popular games in the world.  I think you will be great!
What do you think of the American automobiles manufacturers, the General Motors Company?
I love night time. It is the best time of day for me.  What do you like to do in the day?
I love to wear socks!  They are so comfy.  I also like to wear dresses.
Oh, no.  Are you going to be okay?  I hope you are ok. 
That is a good point, he is the founder of the University in Pennsylvania.
I know, I was so scared when I read that it was the only thing that made it worse.
I like Metro Station, it's the largest city in the US. What is your favorite place to go?
I would love to go to court for a swimming class. Do you swim competitively? 
I take my cat to the lake sometimes. It's nice to take her out on a boat.
That is a very nice place, I would love to visit. What do you like to do for fun?
I have never heard of it. I will have to try it. What is the cause for it?
I love to read.  It is one of my favorite hobbies to do.  I read Stephen King's Stepladdder.
I agree.  I love boats.  They are so versatile.  The word "boat ship" was first recorded in the 10th century.
I think a playground would be a nice place to play. Do you have any?  
You know, I'm not sure if you can find someone with a good number on the phone.
Hi there! I like gardening. I have a garden in a cabinets.
I'm not sure I've ever heard of a water slide.  What is it about?
I love openness. I'm not a huge fan of closed spaces. Do you? 
I love sports!  I like watching football and baseball.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I have a smartphone. I like the iphone because it has a lot of features and features.
What's your favorite color? Mine is yellow.  It's the color between green and orange on the spectrum of visible light.
I would say scratch the plate, and then put the dish on the top of the plate.
That sounds good. I'm not a huge fan of television. I prefer the internet. 
I love teaching, but my students are not very good at it. I am a teacher. 
I think it would be interesting to know that there are more than seventy different categories of "wisdom"
I like to listen to music.  What kind of song do you write?  I like classical and jazz.
That is a great question.   Do you think they would be able to sell the house?
I have never been to Mexico but I would love to go. I hear it has a great beaches. 
I'm a big fan of museums. I like to visit them in my spare time.
I've never experienced agitation in my life, but have experienced a lot of it in the past.
I like to go fishing on the beach.  What do you like to do on your spare time?
That's a good idea! Do you like sports? What sport do you like? I love watching Formula 1 racing.
I'm not much of a fan of the nighttime, it is too dark for me. I prefer the early hours, though.
That's unfortunate. I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get better soon.
What do you like to do for fun?  I love to cook.  What about you?
I would have to say New York City is one of the largest metropolitan cities in the world. I would love to visit one day.
I like bread, especially baked goods. How about you? What is your favorite kind?
I like shopping online because I don't have to carry bags in my apartment. Do you like shopping?
I like bowling too, but I prefer the outdoors more.  Do you? 
I would love to see a hockey game on television. What kind of games do you like?
I'm not a fan of flights but I love to fly.  Do you like to fly?
I would like to visit a library, but I don't know if there are any good options.
Howdy! How are you doing? Do you have any hobbies? I like to play mario kart.
I would love to visit one day.  I have never been to Disneyworld before.  What would you do there?
What do you think of the removable hair on humans? I don't think I would want to do it myself.
I'm not sure how I feel about that. I'm sorry. I hope you get better soon.
I would like to know how to get rid of that.  I have never done anything like that in my life.
That is a good point. I am not sure what I should do, but I am afraid of losing my family.
I would love to visit the countryside.  What would you do there?  I love the outdoors and the country side.
Yes. I agree with you. What do you do for a living? I'm an accountant.
I like to think he is a great servant. He was one of the greatest leaders in the world for his time.
I love the mall, I have never been to a mall in my life.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love shredding streets!  What's your favourite part of the day? I'm a big fan of the streets.
Yes, it is. But he was also the winner of the show "The Biggest Loser". 
Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope they are in a better place now.
I use a smartphone for my work. I use it to make money.  Do you like to travel?
I'm glad he didn't see it. That's a good question though. I would have probably done the same.
That's interesting! I like to work with my family, and we do a lot of group projects.
I think that would be a good place to find a place that is safe and clean.  
That is so interesting. I have never heard of anyone having twins before. Is it true?
I love to go to the park, especially in the fall. I like sitting on the grass and watching the fall colors.
Yes, I would have to agree.  I would like to get a new bedroom one day. 
I can understand that, I've been lonely myself lately. What do you do for a living?
That sounds like a good idea. I might have to check out this shop soon. Do you shop for anything in particular?
I love shopping online. I love how convenient it is. I don't have to deal with the crowds.
I love museums, I love how they have a lot of interesting things to look at.
I love cuddling, but it can be dangerous when it gets too hot. Do you like it?
I'm going to school too! I'm studying to be a teacher. How about you?
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. I like to think I have mastered everything!
I have never been in an opera. I have heard they're really fun. What kind of music do they play?
That's a good question. What would you say would he have done with the extra space? 
That sounds like a great place to fish. I'm sure he was happy to see you. 
What sport do you play?  I like to play baseball.  Do you play any sports?
That's a good one. What's your favorite beer? Mine is Pepsi. 
I have not been to New Orleans. Is there anything you would like to tell me about it?
I like driving on the river. I usually go with family. What do you like to do?
I like Mexican.   What's your favorite Mexican food?  Mine is Mexican street food.
What do you think of Silk? It's a great choice, and it is one of the most popular materials in the world.
Oh, I love Michigan.  I lived in Grand Rapids for a few years growing up.
Billy is from Arkansa, Mississippi. I am not sure if he is a hunter.
I like to shop at Sam's Club. They have a lot of good stuff. I like that they have a variety of departments.
That sounds like a really good idea, I would love to go and get a lobster! 
I love dogs!  I used to be a vet, so I have seen a lot of them.  
That's a tough one.  I think it depends on the light that's in the plant itself.  What do you think?
I love boats.  I've only been out on lakes and rivers.  Do you have a boat?
I love going to the store! I love the fresh air, and getting a good meal. How about you?
That is a good way to describe it.  I like to dance, it is a great way to exercise and release the stress.
That's a good point.  I like how they can hold a lot of stuff.   
That sounds nice! Do you live in a mansions or a house? What do you do for a living?
That sounds good. I would love to go there.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
Hi, do you like the outdoors? I like to go camping in the mountains and hike trails.
What do you do for a living? I'm a mechanic, and my wife is a fashion designer!
Yes, I love to read.  What do you like to do in your spare time? 
I have never been to a grocery store. I would have thought they would have a table.
I like to buy good things that I don't have to worry about, so I'll be okay.
Hi! How are you doing? Do you have any hobbies?  I like to fish.
I'm not too sure.  It sounds like you have a lot going on in your life.
I'm not sure I understand, but I'm sure there's a lot you could learn from this.
I would love to travel to space, but it is so expensive to travel. Do you like space?
Wow, I'm sorry to hear that. How did that happen? Did you find out the cause?
Bob was a resident of Los Angeles and he lived in a residence on the beach, California.
That's great news.  I'm glad you found out about it!  Did you find out the truth?
Orchids can be found in so many different climates. Do you know where it is?
I would love to see the SpongeBob SquarePoo! I would like to see them live.
I agree, I like theatrical movies. What do you like to do? I like going to the movies.
That sounds horrible. I hate that.  Do you have any other options you would like to choose?
I'm not sure.  What's your favorite type of music?  Mine is pop. 
I think I would choose an open-wheel boat or motorboats. Do you own one?
Hi, how are you this evening? I just got back from work. I'm studying for my exam.
Hi how are you doing today? I just got back from work. How is your day going?
I agree. What do you think is the answer?  Do you think the sun will rise before it rises?
Hello, how are you doing today? I am doing well. I am just hanging out with my pet bee.
Oh, I see. I like to wear high fashion clothes. What is your favorite style of clothing?
That's true. I have a lot of money, I just need to figure out what to do.
Virginia Beach, Florida is the best place to live. It is so nice and clean.
That sounds interesting. What is your favorite food? Mine is spicy chicken. Do you? 
I have never been there, but I would love to. I would probably see some wild monkey.
I would love to visit Georgia. I heard it is the largest state in the U.S.
What kind of work do you do? I work in an office. I'm a chef.
I would have done the exact same thing, but I think I will just go buy a new one.
What did you think about Billy?  I don't think he was the right person. 
I love reunions! I love the way the family gets to know one another. I have a big family, so I get to see them a lot.
I think you're right.  I have a hard time focusing on one specific topic.  What do you do for a living?
What is your favorite food? Mine is pizza. It is a traditional Italian dish consisting of a yeasted flatbread with tomato sauce and cheese.
That's cool. What are you studying in college? I'm currently in college. What subjects do you play?
I have never been to Mexico, I would like to go. I know it's a beautiful country to visit.
That is a good question, do you have any other hobbies?  I like to read.
Yes, I like shopping for outdoorsy items. I like to shop at thrift stores.
I love working in an office building. I love how clean it is!  What do you do in yours?
That's interesting.  What do you like to do?  I like watching movies in my home
What do you mean by "on time". Are you talking about the time that the train is late?
I am sorry that you had to go through this.  I hope that things will get better for you.
That is a good point. I have never been able to figure it out. What is creation?
What do you do in your off hours? I work at a bank as a financial analyst.
I like to think of it as exercise. What is your favorite exercise? I like long walks on the stove.
That's interesting, I didn't know that. Do you think birds are the most intelligent of all species?
That sounds like a good choice. I think that would be a very scary thing to happen to you.
That is awesome!  I love the outdoors!  Do you like going for long walks in the woods?
I agree with you.  I think I'm better with a second option.  What do you think?
That's interesting. I have never heard of a hotel room room. I will have to look into it!
I agree with you. I hate when people spit. I think I would just spit it on myself.
I think I will do the best.  I am sure you will do well.  What grade are you planning on teaching?
Oh, I'm sure that would be a lot to carry. What do you do for fun?
Oh, that's interesting. Do you think that birds are real? I think they're real.
I like Indiana, but I would rather be at home.  Do you have any favorite things to do?
I like to grow potatoes in my garden.  It is very easy to grow them at home.
I would agree with you.  I'm happy to have more money.  What do you do for a living?
I would like to know what you mean.  I'm not sure what is the correct answer to this.
That's great. I have never been to Disneyland. Do they have any good rides?
That's interesting. I've never had a pile. What kind of pile is it?
I like to play video games but I don't have time for them anymore! How about you?
I love the beach and would love to go on a cruise to the beaches.
I love travelling!  I would love to visit Japan one day.  I've never been.
I love gifts.  I love to give them to my friends and family.  Do you?
The United States is a country in the Southeastern United States, and it is located in the Midwest.
That's great advice! What grade level did your teacher teach? I know that's a tough one.
I would like to say that is my favorite color!  What is your favorite color?  Mine is blue.
I love swimming in the pool.  I love that it is so clean and safe.  What else do you like to do?
Oh, that's cool.  I like kissing.  It's a lot of fun.  Do you kiss often?
Yes, I agree.  I think breathing is essential to living.  Do you have a favorite animal?
That's a good point, I think it's interesting how different languages can be in terms.  
Oh, I love music. I play the trumpet. What do you like to do? 
I love to sleep, but I'm not a morning person. Do you have any hobbies?
That's good to know. Do you have a favorite food that you prefer? I love food that's stored in the fridge.
I'm sorry to hear that, I've been there.  I've never been able to find out what caused someone to commit suicide.
Cupboards are great.  I love mine for its versatility.  What about you?
I like to make shelter shelters.  What do you do for a living?  I work at home.
I use a smartphone and a tablet.  What do your friends like to use?  I love my friends.
That sounds interesting. Do you think it is better to be an owner than a business owner? 
I'm sorry that you have to deal with that. I know it's hard. I don't understand how you feel though.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope your recovery is good. I have been playing football since I was a kid.
That is a very good question. Do you know if there is a country that has the most apples?
What do you mean? I have never had sex before! Is there anything you'd like to know?
Hi there, how are you? I'm just hanging out with friends. I like to hang out with people. 
Hi! How are you? I'm from North Carolina. What do you like? 
I love the hospital! The staff is so important.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
That is a very interesting question. Do you know anyone who has been to jail?   
I think I would choose a better option, but I don't have a lot of money. 
I've never played poker. I don't really like gambling.  Do you play?
That's a good question. How do you think it was? I don't know if they were able to get it out.
That's cool.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to read books.
Hi how are you today? What do you like to do for fun? I love going to the beach.
I think that is a good idea to save some money. I will have to look into this.
I agree with you.  I have been trying to get laid.  It is hard for me to find time for anything.
How do you think the weight loss of fat affects you? Do you think that it will affect your health?
I'd say a Bible would be a good choice.  I'd like to write about the future.
That is interesting. I love listening to music in general. What kind of music do you like?
That is scary. I would have done the same thing. I don't think I could have trusted him.
I would like to see that movie. I love Danny. Do you have a favorite Danny?
Hello, how are you? What do you like to do for fun? I love to read, especially fantasy novels.
Oh wow, I never would have thought about that. What was the fight about?   
I know the feeling. I have been having panic attacks all day. What about you? What do you like to do?
I'm not a fan of the rain. It is too much of a hassle for me.
I love Canada. I've been to the Grand Canyon.  It's beautiful. 
I love to travel.  I would love to visit a place with a cave.  What's your favorite place?
I like to read a good book, but I don't have a lot of free time to read.
That's a very good point. I guess I'm just happy I don't have to make any money.
Hi, I am a college student in a college, and I work at a candy store. What do you do?
I love computers! I have a Macbook and I use it to play games. What is your favorite type of computer?
I have a pocket knife, I use it when I go fishing. What do you use?
Oh, cool!  I live in a large city.  What about you?  Do you like to bake?
I like to read a lot. I love the fact that it is a collection of information. 
I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you seen a doctor yet?  I hope it's not too painful.
What's your favorite city in New York City? I love the Metropolitan area.
I do not smoke. I like to cook and eat.  I love to bake. 
That's very nice of you to do. I'm happy that you are able to make it work! 
I love chess! It is one of my favorite past times! What do you like to do for fun?
I would like to visit Disneyland one day.  It is the largest park in the world.
That's awesome! I'm glad you found friends!  What do you like to do for fun?
That's a really good point. I think I will do that. Thanks for the suggestion! 
I like the cooler weather, it makes me more comfortable. I can't wait for winter to come up.
Yes, I love stove. My favorite is a pizza with vegetables, meats, and condiments on it.
I think I'll take a bath. I'm not sure if I can handle the crowds.
Hi! I'm a huge fan of running. What about you? I like to go for long walks.
I'd have to agree. I would probably get a toy for my little boy too.  Do you have any kids?
Wow, that's a good question.  I'm sure he knew he needed it.  What was the answer?
I like salads, especially the one with pickles on it.  Do you like salad?
Good choice.  I think I will choose one of the options.  What is your choice?
What do you mean battlefield? Is this an american battlefield game? I have not played it.
I'm not too sure what you mean. Are you referring to King Abdullah of Egypt?
I have never been to a school, but I do have a lot of friends that went to one. I wonder if there is one nearby.
I think that is a good choice! Do you like seafood? I love crabs!
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever thought about going to the doctor?  They might have answers for you.
What are you talking about? Are you a ballroom dancer? Or a figure skater?
I agree, accidents are very scary and scary. I have been in one before.  
Hi, do you have kids?  I've two myself.  I love my children.  How about you?
I like grocery shopping, especially for fresh fruits and vegetables.  What do you like to do for fun?
What kind of purse do you have? I would love to see a purse with coke in it.
Meditation is good for relaxation, especially for the mind. What is your favorite kind of meditation?
That's interesting, I wonder why they are called prisoners. I think it's because they're slaves.
Yes, I agree with you. The earliest recorded use of a "carry bag" was in the 10th century.
That's a good point. I think I'm going to choose a taco, tacos are my favorite meal!
I think I'd put a carpet on my floor.  I have a hard time keeping it up.
I have no idea what that means. I have a few questions though. What do you think?
That's not good.  I don't think you should let it get you down, you never know.
I love shopping at Walmart, I love how convenient it is.  Do you shop online often?
I am sorry that happened to you.  I hope you are okay.  What did you do?
I agree, I have heard that it's not just genetics, but also environmental factors.
Oh, I see. I think I would put them in a box. I don't know what else would fit in my kitchen.
Wow, that is a pretty big thing to have in your life. I hope you are ok.
I love church. I go every Sunday to get some fresh air. What do you like to do?
That's a tough one. I'm sorry you're having to go through that. I hope you find someone better.
I would like to go to a park with my kids. I love going to the beach.
I love to read, especially fantasy books.  What's your favorite?  I like fantasy.
I love shopping!  I'm from a small town in the Midwest, so I always go there to buy groceries.
That's a good point, but sometimes it is hard to choose. What do you like to do for fun?
I love a good museum.  What do you do on your spare time?  I like to go to the mall.
I like to pray and pray.  I am a Christian.  What do you do? 
I like boats. I have never been to a boat before. What do you think? 
I love the museums.  I love to go to the ones that have historical items.  What is your favorite?
The word 'room' was actually first documented in the 10th century in Greek.
That's great advice, I will have to try and find a way to get it to be fair.
What type of work do you do? I am a trainer at a local railroad.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it's nothing serious! I'm sure you'll get through it.
How long have you been on a ship? I've only been to the Atlantic. It's beautiful!
I love to stay up late and watch movies. I have a lot of friends that stay up until late.
That's a good idea.  I think I'll do that!  I have never been to a hospital.
That is cool! I have always wanted to visit New York City. What would you like to see?
I agree. I have a lot of anxiety. What about you?  What do you like to do for fun?
I like the game.  I think it is a good choice of question.  What is your favorite game?
I like the kitchen table too.  It is one of the most popular and popular kitchen items in the world.
I love science.  It is one of the oldest computer programs in the world.  Do you like computers?
That sounds like a good idea.  Do you have to pay for the paper to be delivered?
I like hardware stores. I like the convenience and the fact they sell all kinds of things.
I agree. It's a terrible thing to see people suffering. It makes me feel very sad.
I'm so sorry to hear about your experience.  Do you have any other family members?  
That's a good point. I don't have to worry about it. I'll have to look into it.
That's true, you can make a lot of money if you put your money into it. 
I like to greet people with a smile and kiss. What do you like to do? 
I love the park.  I have a huge collection of wooden furniture there.
Chess is a great game.  I have never played before.  Do you enjoy it?
Yes, but you have to be careful with your eyes, they can cause blindness.  
What do you mean mortage?  Is it a real estate?  I'm not sure.
I love the outdoors.  What about you?  Do you like hiking? 
I love marching bands! What kind of music does your band play? I love classical music.
That's good.  I'm glad you enjoyed yourself.  Do you have any other favorite things to do?
I have never been to Canada, but I've been to Mexico. I've heard it's a great country.
Hello, how is your day going?  I'm having a good day.  Do you like football?
I'm not really sure, but I know that the Uk has a long history with it. 
Ignoble.  What's the answer to this question?  What do you do for living?
I like horses, but I have never seen a horse that is not able to walk.
I have never been, but have been to Rhode Island which is the capital. It is a small town in New York.
I love to eat out, but I have never been to a chain restaurant. What would you recommend?
I like to drink and drink alcohol.  I am also addicted.  What about you?
I'm glad you chose to choose one!  I love my mom.  She's a great mom.
What do you mean by that? I'm curious.  Do you know what kind of bird it is?
I love going to the mall. I like the food, but the people are so hard to get to.
Michigan is a great state!  It is the third-largest state in the US.
I would love to visit someday.  I've been to the desert and it was really beautiful.  It would be nice to see the mountains.
That's interesting.  Are you married?  I am not, but I do have a boyfriend.
I'm not sure I'd be good at it. I'd rather be with someone I know.
Rain forests are beautiful. I like to play in them.  What do you like to do? 
I'm not sure if that's the correct word for it. I'll have to think on that.
Colorado is a beautiful place for nature.  I would love to see some wildlife.
That would be awesome! I wish I could have a mansions. I live in a small apartment right now.
I love pancakes and fried chicken, especially when they are baked in an oven.
I would put it in a cup holder. It will make you feel better. What do you do for a living?
I'm sorry to hear that. I guess that could be hard for her. I hope you can find another one to join.
What is your favorite food?  Mine is french bread.  I can't believe it was invented in 1904
I love cards!  What do you like to do for fun?  I love to write.
I have always wanted to get a rooster but never have. Do you have a pet?  
I would love to see one of the museums. I would go to the Smith Museum in Dallas.
I have never heard of a fridge in the house.  Is it an automatic fridge?
That's cool. What do you do in your spare time?  I like hiking and gardening.
What is your favorite food? I love mexican food. It is a traditional Mexican dish consisting of a corn tortilla covered in cheese.
How many cats do you have?  I have 3 myself.  What do you do for work?
I have a lot of anxiety so I try to stay calm.  Do you have any hobbies?
I agree, but I don't think I like turtle turtles. What is your favorite turtle?
I would like to go to one day. I have never been to a restaurant that serves trash, but they must be really good.
I have a garage in the kitchen I work at. It is a nice place to work.
I would love to go back to my favorite store, Sam's Club, but I can't wait to see if they have one near me.
I would love to go to a grocery store, I love to cook.  What is your favorite food?
Oh no!  I hope you are able to find some time to do something fun.  Do you have any hobbies?
I like hotel rooms but I prefer hotels.  I don't like fires. 
Oh no! I would be so embarrassed. I would have just went back to the bathroom.
Excellent choice. I think that is a great way to get to the top of your abilities!
I'm not sure how he would ask for food.  I don't know if he was hungry.  Did you ask him?
That is interesting. What do you think happened to Sally? I'm not really sure. 
That is a good one, I would have to say that it is a hard game to beat.
I love traveling. What is your favorite place to travel?  I love going to the beach.
I agree!  I like mine well done done with salt and bacon.  Do you like burgers?
That is a good point.  What would you like to know?  Do you want me to tell you about yourself?
Oh. I thought you were referring to the human body. I'm not sure if it's a muscle or a tissue.
I love the outdoors, and I like to go camping in the mountains. 
I like that you mentioned that.  Do you have any pets?  I have one.
What is your favorite kind of fly? I like butterflies. They're my favorite! 
That is a good idea!  I will have to try that.  I'm a morning person and I have been up early in the morning.
What is your favorite thing to draw?  I love drawing, especially in school.  What subject did you take?
That's too bad. I hope you get better soon! What kind of music do you like?
I love the country, I live in a rural area in the mountains of the country.
I agree, I think it would be a nice change of pace for the world we live in.
I like the eastern part of the country. I like driving around in the countryside. 
That's interesting. Do you think you would put tins in the bag or put them in a recycled center?
Hi there, do you have any hobbies? I like to go out to eat and shop online.
I love Disneyland. I have been there many times.   Have you ever been? 
I like dogs, but not pets. I have a cat and a dog. What about you?
Yes, it is a good thing to have a clear head.  It helps me relax, too.
What do you mean agrevating?  Is it something you are passionate about? 
I love the symphonies! Do you play an instrument? I play in a group.
I like the word brown eyes, I have brown eyes too!  Do you have a favorite color?
Hi, I am from California and I live in a suburban apartment. How about you?
What do you mean, in the crowd?  I am not sure.  What is the answer?
I would say a hole in a hole would be a good place to make a wall, or a hole.
I would like to visit a health club but I've never been to one.  Are you?
I like to go for a long bike ride.  It is relaxing, and a good workout.
What do you do for a living? I'm a computer engineer. How about you?  
I like to play soccer.  It is a lot of fun.  What about you?
I like to fly, but I'm not gay.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I would like that, but I have never tried it. I am more of a coffee drinker. What do you like?
I'm sorry to hear about your experience. I hope you can get a better answer next time.
That's a good point.  I'm not sure what I should do to stop myself from eating so much.
I have never had alcohol before but it sounds good.  What do you think of alcohol?  Do you like it?
That's a good one. I like potatoes but don't keep them in my house.
I would love to travel but I don't have any time to travel. I am too busy with my job.
I think I would feel the same if I was you.  I'm not sure if I could be a victim of a crime.
That's a good one!  I like movies with a wide range of genres, but I like action and adventure more.
Hi, I am john. I love the outdoors. I like to go fishing.
I think you are right, but I am not sure if there is a way to change it.
That would make a good choice.  What do you do for a living?  Do you have kids?
I like cleaning.  I like to use a broom to get things done.  Do you?
I like the rain too but I hate the humidity. Do you have a favorite season?
Good for you! I'm not a big fan of alcohol but I know its bad for you.
I like the fireworks. I love the sound of fireworks and the lights. It's so pretty.
I love sundays, especially when its the only time I can get away with it. 
Oh that's a bummer. Have you ever been in a situation where you forgot something? 
Hockey is a great game.  Do you play hockey often?  What's your favorite team?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you don't lose your loved ones.  What happened to you?
Oh, I see. What's your favorite fast food place? I love Burger King. 
I think you are right.  That sounds like it would make me smile.  I like to think that I am a happy person.
I love to eat beans and salads. Do you like beans? I love them so much.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope the person who broke the leg was able to recover from the broken bone.
I don't understand your question.  Do you have any children?  I have one son.
That's a good choice! I think I'm going to choose one of the options.  What are you going to do?
Hi there, how are you?  Are you a student?  I am in college. 
I would love to see a cupboard in a locker. Do you have any room mates?
Oh no. I'm sorry, I didn't realize how hard that was. What do you like to do?
That's interesting.  I wonder if there is a way to make him angry.  Maybe he should take some time to think about it.
I think I'm going to do the same, I'm just not sure I have the right one yet.
I love going out to the bar with my friends. I love getting out and meeting new people.
I think I would choose the same option, since I have never been to a movie theater.
That is a great point. I think I would be able to make a choice if the bully was a problem.
That's interesting.  What are your other hobbies?  I like to watch TV shows on Hulu.
I prefer the backpack. I like the look of it.  What do you like to do for fun?
I think I would have cut off if I were you. I would be so angry at myself.
That is great.  I wish I was better at making good decisions like that.  What is it that you do for a living?
I would love to live in an office building with AC. I love to be outdoors.
Yes, I agree. Do you have any hobbies? I love going to the beach.
I love food.  It is one of the most important things in life.   How do you like your food?
I agree with you on that. I don't think I could stop being happier. I am just so afraid of hurting myself.
That sounds like a great idea. I think I will try this.  Do you like music?
I love grocery shopping. I go for fresh produce and fruits and vegetables. Do you shop online?
I love computers!  My favorite computer is a Mac.  What's yours?  Do you have a new one?
I love Danny!  I'm sure he'll figure it out.  I don't know if I can give up on him.
What do you like to do for a living? I work in an office as a secretary.
Hiking is one of my favorite things to do! I love being out in nature! Do you hike a lot?
That sounds like a good choice! What would you do if you were going to be there? 
What are some of your hobbies? I love to make money. I am an avid reader.
I'm sorry to hear that, have you ever tried hand washing, I do it every day
Yes, I agree. I like mass, but my favorite is Baptist Baptists.
I think it would depend on the type of work you do. What kind of music do you prefer?
I like marmots but they're so hard to find in the world. What do you do for fun?
I'm a fan of King Edward and his wife Elizabeth I think it's a great choice
I'm sorry, what did you do to get revenge?  I think I would have been able to get my money back.
I love America.  I live near the Gulf of Mexico. What about you?  What do you like to do for fun?
Costa Rica sounds nice. I've never been, but I would love to go.
I like sitting on the floor, but not in a chair.  I prefer sitting on a couch or bed.
What is your favorite food? I love pizza and pasta. I could eat it every day.
Oh wow, that's terrible. I'm sorry. How is the weather where you are? I'm in Florida.
I would love to go to the mall with my friends.  I would be happy to see other people.  Do you like shopping?
That sounds like a good idea to me, I love the mountains, especially the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
I'm going to get drunk tonight, I think I'll have a party with some good friends.
I would like to visit a crickets stadium someday.  I love to watch them play.
I like that feeling. It gives me a great sense of comfort. What is your favorite feeling?
Michigan is a beautiful state.  I would love to visit someday.  Do you live in a big city?
I like how he was a powerful figure. He was also the ruler of the kingdom.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I've been there.  What happened?  Are you okay?
I agree with that. I like playing cards, but I'm not very good at it. Do you play?
I'm sorry you have to deal with that, it's hard to believe how people can lie.
Yes, I agree. I like to challenge myself to be more successful. Do you like to compete?
I would have thought it would have been the most densely populated, but I guess that would make sense.
Yes! I have always been intrigued by how it works! Do you have any pets?
That is great to hear.  What is your favorite activity to do? I love swimming.
I think that's a good option.  Counseling is very important to people and it's a great way to help people.
What is your reason for divorce. Is it because you don't want to get divorced or for other reasons?
I would have done the same thing, it is so satisfying to see someone answer their phone quickly.
Do you have any good competitions in your area?  I've competed in many different sports.
I love Minnesota! It is a great state for outdoor activities. I love hiking in the mountains.
I like that idea. I like to think I'm a creative person.  What about you?
I like cupboards too, but I prefer to use my fridge to heat up my food.
That sounds fun!  I like video games.  What video games do you play?  
I have a heart attack so I know how you feel. Do you have a family? I do.
That's great. I'd love to go there and pick up some tins. Do you know any good places to get tins?
I love sports. It is a great way to exercise. I play soccer and basketball. What about you?
That's a good point. I'm not sure I could make a lot more money. What do you do for a living?
I like to go to work.  I get to work from home.  What do you like to do?
I hate it when that happens. I am sure you are better at it than me though. 
I would have a clean room. I don't have to clean the house. Do you clean your house?
I like to keep my grapes in my fridge. I love the variety of fruits, veggies, and meats.
That's a very good choice. I hope they don't have to get it removed for too long.
I love watching baseball. What about you?  Do you like baseball?  What's your favorite team?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he's okay and not too mad at you for his wife.
How many cats do you have?  I've got two myself.  I love them. 
I love pizza! What is your favorite toppings? I like pepperoni. I like sausage, mushroom, and onions.
I like to cook, especially when it comes to baking.  What about you?  What do you do for work?
I would love to go to Canada.  I've been to a few times.  Have you been there?
I am more of an artist person, but singing is a great way to express yourself. What is your favorite singer?
I like books. I read a lot of Stephen King books. What is your favorite book?
That's interesting. What's your favorite color? Mine is blue. What is yours?  
I have never had a hambuger, but I have heard of the cheeseburger and french fries.
I like to go to the movies, and see new things. What do you like to do for fun?
That's interesting! I love music! I listen to music all day. What do you like?
What do you think of the military? I know that the military is a part of the Army Corps of Engineers.
How is the weather where you are? I'm getting ready to go for a run, it is nice here
That's a good choice.  Steve Jobs has been the founder and CEO of the company since 1953.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get some rest soon and you'll feel better.
That is a very good question. I will have to ask. I have always wanted to know.
I think I will do that. I have never done this before.  What do you think?
I think that is a good idea. I would like to see how they can make it work.
I love shopping for new clothes! I usually go for a new pair of pants and shorts.
I love wine! I have a bottle of wine at my house right now. What is your favorite wine?
I love to cook. I would love to serve my customers well. How about you? Do you work?
I think I would put it in the kitchen.  I have been thinking about putting a pot of water in my kitchen.
That is a good point.  I would say it would be safer if you were prepared for it.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're ok. I'm sure it will be ok.
Jazz is my favorite type of music. I think he would play in my local jazzy band.
I agree with you, public transport is a must. I hate it when it is so slow.
That's interesting! What kind of tv shows do you like?  I like to watch cooking shows.
That's great! I like country club too. What's your favorite country club in Michigan?
I agree, I think that is very valuable.  It is a great thing to have freedom.
I'm glad that my teacher was able to write off clips for my students!  What do you like to do for fun?
Oh, that is interesting. I have never seen Cape Kennedys in a movie.
The car engine is a good choice. It was first used by Ford in 1963.
I like the Cupboard, I love all cereals. I also like Cocoa.
I like the Washington Dc. What do you like to do for fun? I like going for walks in the woods.
I love music! I love all types. Do you like music? I like classical, jazz, and pop.
Oh my goodness, I can't believe you have been in prison.  That is terrible.
That is a good idea, I will do that. Do you have any other options for folding?
I would love to travel to the US.  I would want to go to Hawaii.
Oh, wow, that's pretty scary.  I would be terrified of that.  What did you do to him?
I'm sure it's just a little bit nervewracking.  I'm glad you were able to figure it out.
I like to drive in the lake.  It is peaceful and calming.  I love driving in the water.
I like to talk fast too, but I prefer to keep the conversation short and simple. How about you?
Fish lake is awesome. It's so peaceful and relaxing. Do you fish?
That's interesting.  Do you like phones at all?  I have a few friends that use them a lot for phone calls.
I would like to know where it was located.  I am not sure where it is from.
That's interesting. I'm a big believer in the importance of human civilization. 
That's a good idea.  What is your favorite color? mine is yellow.  It matches my personality.
I love the museums, I love going to Universal.  What do you like to do?
I like the way he was able to make people laugh.  What is your favorite thing to do?
I would love to travel to Europe. I think it would be cool to ride a train to the park. 
I love France.  I've only ever been there once.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love big cities!  I live in a big city and it's so busy.  What do you do for work?
I'm not sure what I need to do. I've never really been able to focus on the test.
Disseminated.  Dissemination of a park.  What is that?  I have never heard of it.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope the wound heals quickly.   
I like to drink water. I love how it's made by the water. Do you like water?
That's so annoying!  I hate when that happens.  I would've gotten a refund.
I like to think I am a fine dine. What about you? Do you like food?
That's a good option, I like the outdoors and I like to ride bikes.
I agree.  I think food is important to everyone.  What is your favorite meal?  Mine is fried chicken.
I love france. I have been to France a few times. I would love to go back.
That's a great conference.  Do you have a favorite restaurant chain?  I like Taco Bell.
That's a good idea. I will suggest that. Thank you for the suggestion. Do you like to cook? 
I'm not sure. What is your choice?  I like space exploration.  Do you have any suggestions?
What is your favorite type of food? Mine is chicken nuggets, and I'm addicted to them.
Yes, I agree. What is your favorite kind of quirk? I am a pretty normal person, but I have a hard time deciding.
Hello, I love traveling.  I would love to see the world.  How about you?
I have heard of it but never had any experience with it.  What kind of flowers do you have?
Oh, I see. I guess that's true. What else do you like to do for fun?
That's a good choice, since they are the only remaining remaining fossil.   
I love mexican places.  What do you like to do in your spare time? 
You are right, that's a good point.   What is the answer to the question?
I agree, I like the outdoor activity.  I love to hike.  What about you?
I agree, I like to play with my kids. What is your favorite kind of games? 
That's a good choice! I like to ride the bus, but it's hard to find a parking lot close.
What do your parents do for a living? I work in an office building as a receptionist.
I think I'm going to have guilt over this. How do you feel about it? 
I love reading, but I have never been to a library. What kind of books do you like?
Tsunamami is my favorite sea creature. Do you like the beach?
I like to steal jewelry, but I have never been to a circus. What do you do for a living?
I like the color blue too. I think it is my favorite color. Do you have a favorite?
I know how you feel.  I have been trying to get into a more healthy lifestyle. 
What kind of dance do you do?  I like ballet.  I also love to dance.
That was a tough one.  I would have thought the cat would be more cautious.
I like to go to the theatrical theater when I have a chance.  What is your favorite movie?
What is your favourite show? Mine is Game of Thrones. Do you know anyone who has won a beauty pageant?
I love stairs! I love to clean. I like to do it every day. What about you?
I'm not religious at all.  I don't believe in evil.  What do you think?
I have never been to Africa but I would love to see.  It is so beautiful!
Hi, what do you do for a living?  I write articles.  What is your job?
I love shopping online because of how easy it is to get a good deal. Do you shop online?
That sounds nice, I like to find lizards in the wild.  Do you have a favorite?
That's a good point.  Exercise is a good way to get fit and healthier.  It's good for you.
I like the city and would love to visit someday.  I think there is so much to do in the city.
That's a good question!  What do you think causes labor problems?  Do you think that labor laws have anything to do with it?
That's a good idea, I'll have to try that. What else do you like to do?
That's cool. I like to hide in the woods, so I can hunt. Do you hunt?
I would love to visit a museum with a lot of aircrafts.  What is your favorite?
The Middle East is one of the most densely populated countries in the world. 
I would try to find a good solution if I were you. What kind of food do you like to eat?
I can see why.  I don't think I could handle it.  What did you do to him?
I love buses but my wife hates them. What do you do for a living? I'm a teacher.
I love food. Especially soup. I like to cook at home too.  Do you like cooking?
I agree, it is terrible. I think we need to stop the practice of human trafficking.
That is a good one.  I love exercise.  What do you do for a living?
I would probably put some type of safety glass or plastic container to protect the cabinets from hazards.
That's unfortunate. I've never been a fan of wet clothes. What do you do?
That sounds like a scary moment! I hope you didn't have to deal with any injuries!
I like to go to church, but I don't think my kids would enjoy it. I like bowling though.
I like to listen to music when I am working. What kind of music do you like? 
What kind of workout do you like? I love to lift weights! Do you have any hobbies?
I don't like to get wet.  I prefer to be outside.  Do you have any pets?
What are you having?  I love to cook.  I'm making spaghetti with meatballs.
I love the outdoors! What about you? What do you like to do?  
I like to use a tv at night, I like watching movies in the dark.  Do you?
I have never had a cupboard, but I have seen a few of the designs on the internet.
I like to run in the woods and I have no fear of spiders. How about you?
I'm a big fan of Billie Jeanne Angelo, who is a great American singer and songwriter.
I've never been to a New Orleans.  I'm sure it would be fun.
I would like to see this case.  I have always wanted to be an executive.
That's good advice.  I have a couple kitchen knives that I use for fishing.
I like chess. It's one of my favorite games to play. What's your favorite chess chess game?
I would love to go to a picnick place that specializes in vegetable, meats, and condiments.
What do you do for a living?  I work at a local museum.  I like to play with water.
War museums are really cool. I would love to visit one of them one day. 
I love the forest and the outdoors.  I'd love to see the greenhouse. 
That's interesting.  What kind of woods do you like to hike?  I love the outdoors and camping.
I'm so glad I didn't have to answer that question!  I'm glad he didn't get in trouble.
I would like a bathroom that had a tile. I think that would be better than a roof.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon! I'm sure you'll get through this.
I like to travel, so that is probably the best option. Do you ever go to hotels?
I love indian cuisine.  I like how they are so spicy.  How about you?
You're right. I don't have much money but I do have a lot of problems with money. 
I am sorry to hear that. I am a physical therapist so I can understand.  
That sounds like a nice place to go to. Do you have a wedding planner?  
I have never been to Michigan park. I would love to visit one day.  What part of Michigan do you live in?
I like the green markets.  I love their fresh fruits and veggies.
That's a good point! I guess it's good to know that they're able to diagnose problems quickly.
I love to travel, especially around the world. What do you like to do when you are away?
I am sorry to hear that.  I know it is hard to get out of debt.  What are you doing to help?
Oh I know what you mean, I've been in the court before. What do you do for a living?
I am a nurse at a hospital. What do you do? I work in a hospital as an ER tech.
I like salads with lettuce and spinach, what about you? Do you like your salads?
That's a great store to shop at. What is your favorite store? Mine is the Barnesie store.
That is a good idea.  I think I'll do that.  Thanks.  It's a nice neighborhood to live in.
I love relaxing.  I play video games a lot.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's a great point. I think it's good to stay fit. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I have been thinking about getting a new car. I have a Tesl. Do you have a car?
I am sorry to hear that, do you have any hobbies? I love to read. 
I'm not sure, but it is interesting to know that the term "fraternal home" was first used in the 10th century.
I like the outdoors. I like to go hiking and camping.  What about you?
That's cool. I love to draw.  What kind of pictures do you draw?  
I'm sure you're right. I don't think I'd have thought about it. I guess that would be a good idea.
I love going to new yorks, it is one of the most populous cities in the US
That's true, but I've never been in a gambler. Do you gamble a lot?
I love veggies, but I'm allergic to them.  I love meat.
Oh, that's a good point. I think I would use a wash-up to clean the house.
Cake is my favorite. I have a sweet tooth, so that's what I like to do.
Chemistry labs are very cool, I love science! What is your favorite subject in the world?
I love grocery shopping.  Do you have a favorite store?  Mine has a big chain.
I am so sorry. That would be a terrible situation for me. I would be so upset.
Skateboarding is fun. I love to ride my bike on the beach.  
Yes, I agree!  I love to go out to eat.  What do you do for work?
I'm not sure what you mean but I do know that Michigan is located in the southern portion of the U.S.
I love cars.  I have a Honda Civic myself.  What is yours?
I love TV!  I watch a lot of shows on hulu.  I don't get to watch much on the internet.
That's interesting.  I would love to know more about that.  Are you familiar with the history of the country?
That is interesting. I would like to hear more about you. What do you do for a living?
I think it's good to have options.  There are so many ways to get pregnant and there are a lot of different ways to do it.
Yes, it is. It's the largest city in the world. What do you like to do for fun?
That is a shame.  I would be a little lonely without my family.  What do you do for a living?
That is a nice place to live, but I'd rather live in a more urban area.
Oh wow, I didn't know they had a parade. Do you have a favorite animal?
That is a nice one. What is your favorite store to shop at? Mine is the Walmart.
What is your favorite food?  I love sushi.  I like sashimi.
Yes, I like music, but I'm not very good at playing. I prefer to sing.
That is awesome! Do you have a favorite activity you like to do?   I love jogging. 
I love maps.  I like maps with maps of my favorite places.  How about you?
I like to go to the opera, but I don't know if I would choose a musician.
Yes, it is hard to start a small business when you have a hard time.  What do you do for a living?
Oh, so you are a carpenter, that's interesting. Do you like the color red?
I like to think of Christmas as the best holiday in the world. Whats your favorite holiday? mine is Christmas.
I love Mexico!  Have you ever been?  I hear the beaches are beautiful there.
Penetration is a great way of making a good bed! What do you like to do for fun?
I would have to agree with that.  I like meeting new people.  What is your favorite dining place?
I love reading books and listening to music. I also love to play the piano. 
That is great.  I like watching sports.  How about you?  What do you like to do on sundays?
What type of work do you do?  I work in IT.  What do you like to do?
I like the idea of flying a plane. What about you?  What kind of plane do you like?
I have never owned one, but I know that they are very popular in Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia.
What did you choose?  I like pools but I'm not very good at it.  I prefer hot dogs.
I love the outdoors!  I love to go to the beach!  It's a beautiful place.
I think that's what I'll do. I don't have to worry about the consequences, though.
I like shorts, but I hate pants.  I wear jeans, t-shirts, and a t- shirt.
Oh I am sorry to hear that. I have never been able to understand why Sally would not return her feelings
Hi how are you doing? I just got done walking my dogs. I love dogs. What about you?
Yes, I know how you feel.  They were really careful and cared for it.  I had no idea that it was damaged.
Cupboards are great! I like to put my tins in my backpack. 
What is your favorite exercise to do?  Mine is weight lifting.  I love to exercise.
What is your favorite kind of food? I love fruits and veggies and I have a passion for them.
I think it would depend on the person you are serving.  What kind of birds would you get?
I like to shop there. It's the best store in the world! What do you like to do for fun?
I love music! What kind of music do you like to play? I play the drums.
I would love to go to a book store that specializes in non-fiction or historical fiction.
That's good to know.  I have been thinking of moving out but I don't know if I could find a place to live.
I agree. I am sure there are many ways to defend yourself from criminals. What do you do?
That's a tough one. I've heard of the ketogenic diet which helps with weight loss.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope everything goes well and you can get it checked out.
I like to drink beer but I'm not much of a fan of drinking age. What do you like to buy?
I would love to visit your town. I've never been there but I'd love to see it.
That's a good idea. I think I will have to give it a go. Thanks for the input.
I like to drive. What do you drive? I drive a Chevy Subaru. 
How do you feel about dogs? I have a pitbull that I love, but I don't want him to go to the vet.
I like to make videos.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like video games.
I love to read books. I am currently reading the Harry Potter. What do you like to read?
I would like to try a farm.  I love to bake.  What do you like to do?
I don't think he is a very good person.  He is very smart.  I am sorry to hear that.
I like to draw with a compasion, I use graphite pencils.  Do you?
What type of church do you belong to?  I'm an atheist.  I like to go to church.
That's a great idea! Do you like butter at all? It's made from milk and is used in many types of cuisines.
What kind of music do you like to listen? I like country music. It's so relaxing.
I'm glad you're feeling better! I'm sure you're excited about it! I hope he's able to find a new job soon!
Do you like to jump in general?  I do.  Jumping is a lot of fun.
What kind of business would you like to start?  I'd like to be able to start one, but I'm not sure where to start.
That sounds like a fun job. Do you play any instruments? I play piano.
I agree. I think it's sad that people are able to commit so many crimes in their life.
I love to eat, I have no problem with food. What are some of your favorite healthy meals?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get to a better place soon. What happened?
I'm glad that Bobby is doing well, he's been a great doctor for a long time.
I love a good movie! I love romantic comedies. What is your favorite movie? I have seen The Home Depot.
How do you feel about the use of the motor? I'm a big fan of motorcycles.
I think it's a good idea to get orders.  I think we need more soldiers in this country.
I would put it in a plastic bag, I think they are easier to use.  What is your favorite kind of bag?
I agree. The stress can be very unproductive. I like to try to be calm and rational.
Cereal boxes are the best.  I like the variety of cereals and flavors.  
I like to drink coffee with cream and whiskey.  It's so refreshing.
That's great.  I like to eat out.  Do you have a favorite restaurant to go to?
I love snacks!  I like candy and sweets and ice cream.  What is your favorite kind?
That is a good point, I think we would have to do it. What is your choice?
I love the country side, but there's so much to do in the city. What do you like to do?
What do you do for work? I build things like airplane engines in my spare time.
That sounds great! I would have to say I would prefer a burger with cheese and lettuce on it.
What is your favorite memory that you have? Mine is when I was a baby. I was born in 1948.
I would say the best option is the care giver of the child who is the biological father.
I love dogs. My favorite are German Shepherds. What kind of dog do you have?
I would have to say I would say traffic accidents are the most prevalent accidents. 
I have never seen a forest or desert in my city, but there are plenty of wild squirrels in my area.
What do you do for work?  I'm a teacher.  Do you like to teach?
I have never heard of it, but I do know that weasels are found everywhere. 
What is your favorite kind of food? I really like Mexican and American cuisine.
That sounds great.  I would like to try that.  Are you a bartender?
I am not sure if there is a shop nearby.  I will look into it.  Do you know where it is?
I would like to go to a beach.  I love the sand.  It is so soft.
Seattle is a great city. I have never been to Seattle, but I would really love to go. 
I love dogs.  My favorite dog is a corgi.  What breed of dog is yours?
I have experienced some similar situations in my life. I am glad I never had to experience it.
Sprinting is a good sport, but I think it would be better for your knees. 
That is so interesting, I would have thought he would be doing something that he would enjoy. 
That's a great choice.  I love beer!  What is your favorite?  I like beer!
I like baseball.  I love to go to the park and play.  Do you like sports?
That is a good question.  I would have to say I am more of an outdoorsy person.
I love math, I am a math major.  How do you feel about calculus? 
What did you decide to do on your vacation?  I would have done the same thing.  It sounds like you were prepared.
I like playing with my cats. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. Do you?
What is your favorite food? I love mexican. I have never had thai food.
What are some of your favorite things to do? I like to garden. It's relaxing.
That is a good question. I am going to have to think about that. I think I will choose a better option.
I love animals! I love how they're so versatile.  What animal do you like?
That's a good point. I'm not sure if I could choose one. How about you?
I have never had it happen to me before, but I've heard about it.  I think I'd be okay if I were you.
I would love to see a good story. What do you like to do in your spare time?
That's a shame. I'm sure they're doing something right now to make the world a better place.
That's cool. Do they have a lot of room in a tiny house?  Do they live in a small house?
I would like to know what a hot hand would be. What is your favorite kind of coffee?
I'm sorry that you had to end up in a bad accident.  I hope you didn't have to call the police.
That sounds like a good way to get his head off of things. Do you think he will succeed in his dream?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get a chance to get it out of the way.
Speeding is not the only thing that can cause problems, it's also a dangerous activity.
What is your favorite place to park? I like going to the park. I usually go with my wife.
I have heard of them but never been to one. I'll have to look them up online.
I have never had a drunking experience in my life. What happened? Did you get drunk?
I would go to a local shop and see if they have any locations. They may be able to look for the right one.
I love suburban cities! I love the country side but I also like the city. 
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever had a situation where you were in the process of decoding symbols in order to solve a problem?
That sounds like a great way to live. What's your favorite food? I love to eat.
That's a good choice!  I prefer the non-perishable ones.  They are much better for the environment.
I think it was a great question.  What do you think about the draft?  I think the draft was the last time I saw it.
I love meat, especially beef, chicken, and pork.  What about you?  What do you like to eat?
What type of bag is it? I have never heard of a sleeping bag before.   What is it used for?
That's a great point.  Teachers are important.  What subjects interest you?
I have never been there but I have heard good things.  What is your favorite place to go?
I like to think that you are very intelligent. What about you? Do you have any hobbies?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you okay?  It sounds like you have a cold.  I hope you feel better soon.
Oh, I see. I'm sorry to hear that. Are you okay? I would be upset if I were you.
I would like to know what kind of facility it was, but I don't have a specific one.
What is your favorite kind of chocolate? I love it all. It is one of the best ingredients in the world.
I like to clean my house. It is so relaxing. What is your favorite thing to do for work?
I think she's pretty great. She's a great mom. I like that she's a good teacher.
How do you like your pan?  I like to use it for grilling over an open fire, but I don't use it very often.
Oh, I see. I didn't realize there are so many types of rubber. What type of rubbers do you like?
That's a good point.  What do you think of it? Do you think he will get back on his feet?
I like chess, but I don't play often. I like to go for long walks.
I love the rain, it makes me feel calm and relaxed. Do you have a favorite color?
What kind of stuff do you do for a living?  I work in marketing, and I have a degree in it.
I know what you mean.  I've never had it happen to me, but it sounds like it.
I'm sure you're right.  I'm worried about my health, but I think it's good to be more prepared.
I agree.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I like to play the guitar.  I'm also a musician.
I like the truth.  I have a hard time believing in a truth, though.  What about you?
I like reading.  It's so relaxing to read a good book.  Do you like to read at all?
I know that feel. I have been trying to eat healthier, but I have a hard time losing weight
I'd love to learn to play the French horn, but I'm afraid of the high pressure.
Baseball is my favorite sport. I'm a fan of the Cowboys. 
Coffee is a beverage made with a lot of sugar and sweeteners. What is your favorite?
I love grilling out in my own backyarden.  What do you like to do in your down time?
I think he will be staying in an apartment.  He's staying at a hotel right now.
I don't know if I want to be a soldier or a warrior or anything like that. I think I'll stick to a peaceful life.
I like the outdoors.  I like to go camping in the woods.  What do you like?
That is interesting.  I have never been to a place like this.  Do you think he is lost?
How many retired people do you have?  My grandparents used to live in the retirement home.
Hey, what's your favorite movie to watch? Mine is The Shawshank Redemption.
I would have to say I would carry a pocket knife, or I would be carrying a knife.
What is your favorite book in the world?  I would choose The Godfather.  I think it is a good choice.
I have never been to Hollywood, but I would love to visit. Have you? 
I would love to have some of the best food in the world! What is your favourite dish to make?
Colorado is one of my favorite states.  I like the mountains.  What is yours?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Is your wife pregnant?  I know it's hard to know how long it takes to find out.
I have a petrolemia, it's a plug-in hybrid electric car.
I am sorry to hear that.  I have had to do that in the past.   
Good advice. I will try that. What else do you like to do? I like to shop for new things.
That's a good idea. I'm sure there would be a lot of stray dogs in your neighborhood that you could look for.
I love planting flowers, especially roses! I like how they are native to the Americas.
That sounds like a good choice! I'm sure he was a great dog! What kind of dog was it?
I agree. I love garments. I think I'll have to wear a nightgreen.
That's a good point!  I guess I should be more prepared for this.  Do you have any suggestions?
I like barns, but not in the office I work in.  Do you? 
I have never been to Canada, but I would love to see it one day.  It's a beautiful country.
I think that is a good choice.  What is your favorite kind of underwater house?
I can understand that.  Do you have any other ways of dealing with this?  I find it interesting that the word "angry" was first recorded in the 10th century.
That is a great question. What is your favorite color? Mine is purple. It is my favorite color.
I think that would be cool to live in a big city with a lot of room and lots of things to do
Hello. I am not familiar with Washington state, but I would love to go to the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
Yes, that is a good point. I have never done that before. But I will definitely try it.
Do you like sweets?  I love candy!  I would probably go to a candy store and buy candy.
I am sorry to hear that. I would have felt the same.  What did you do?
Rainbow ranch? That's so cool. I love ranch dressing.  
I think I'd rather save money on my own home shopping.  Do you have any hobbies?
I love to listen to music.  I play the guitar and drums.  What do you play?
What do you mean? I have no idea what that means, I don't know much about it.
That's a great idea! It will be great for keeping it clean. What do you like to do with it?
Bread is a good choice. I like bread. What kind do you like to make? 
Oh that's cool.  I have never been to a restaurant that serves alcohol.  Are they good?
Soap is a great product to wash. I use it to wash my clothes. I wash my hands with soap.
Good point.  Do you ever think about eating out? I do sometimes.  What do you like to do for fun?
What kind of restaurant is it? I like to go to Chinese and Thai restaurants.
I have never seen a Microwave.  Is it a big part of the Disney Renaissance?
That is a good idea! I will do that, thanks! I am not sure what to do now.
I like to put my lamp on my bedroom. It is a desk desktop computer.
I would love to go to Washington.  Have you ever been?  I have been to a lot of state parks.
I agree, I have anxiety so I try to stay home. What do you do for work?
I love old movies. What is your favorite movie? I have a favorite from the 1960s. 
Yes, it's hard to find good paper towel when you are out in the middle of the kitchen.  I have a hard time finding them.
I would love to visit Canada.  I have always wanted to see the capital, Toronto.
I love to read, but it can be hard to find time to find a good book that I like to read.
I love the castle of Castel Rock! It is located in the southern tip of Londin.
I have never been to a zoo. I have seen monkeys in a lot of places in the world though, especially in Africa.
I love wrapping. What's your favorite kind of wrapping? I like the texture of it.
What are some of the things you enjoy doing for fun? I love going to the park with my dog.
That's awful, I hope you're ok. I'm glad it didn't get too bad here.
That's interesting.  I have never heard of that.  How did you come up with it?
I'm a recovering alcoholic myself. I don't have to deal with alcoholism or addiction issues at all.
How long have you been a vegan? I've been a vegetarian since I was a teenager.
I would be a little worried about that.  I'm glad you didn't have to clean it up.
I agree with that. I think it can be dangerous to have sex without consent. Do you agree?
I love going to the theaters. Whats your favorite movie? Mine is The Notebook
I can relate to that. I'm tired as well. What are you up to today?
What kind of restaurant?  I have heard good things about a hotel, but never been to one.
Hi, I'm a fan of mexican food. How about you? What's your favorite?
I love stairs, but I don't think I could do it in a public space. 
I love a good french salad with chicken and rice on it. It's my favorite food in the world.
I love tuna, and especially when it's served with pickled ginger, onions, and lime.
I think I will just put the box in the recycling center. I am going to have to do that.
I like country clubs. I like the outdoors.  Do you like country music? 
I love to garden, and I love bushes!  What do you do for work?
That's a good idea! I like naps but I don't always take it to bed.
I love to read, especially when the weather is nice.  What are some of your favorite books?
I think I am the best person in the world. I have always been the center of attention.
I like to cook.  I like cooking for my family and friends.  What about you?
I'm sorry to hear about your crampiness. I hope you're able to get some rest soon.
I love cats! I've one myself. What about you? What do you like about cats?
I love the mountains!  There is no better place to go hiking or fishing.
I love gardening. I've always liked the outdoors. Do you have a garden?
I can see that.  What do you like to do for fun?  Do you have any favorite memories of yours?
I think I will go with Queen Elizabeth. She was the ruler and the Queen.
I think he might take it to a repair shop to see if they can fix it. I think they would be able to figure it out.
I like to sing too, but I am not very good. I prefer to sing alone. 
I can imagine.  I hope that it didn't get too bad.  Did you end up getting the answer?
I am sorry to hear that.  I know that feeling.  Do you have a family?
I love going grocery shopping.  Do you like shopping?  I love getting fresh vegetables at my local store.
What do you do for work?  I am a cashier at a fast food joint.
I love Billy. He was a good person.  What is your favorite thing to do?
That is unfortunate.  Do you know anyone who is suffering from a sudden cardiac attack?
I am sorry to hear that. I have a lot of money in my house and it is very hard for me to save money.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're alright.  Do you have any other options?
I have never played poker before.  What's your favorite game to play?  What is it called?
That's awesome. I like museums too. I went to the Atlantic last year and saw the Pacific Ocean.
I love Scotland. The landscape is beautiful.  I would love to visit one day.
I agree with you there.  I don't think I could do that.  It would be hard for me to watch people die.
I love New York!  There are so many great restaurants in the world!  What kind of food do you like?
I think you have a choice.  I would have to agree with you.  What do you like to do for fun?
I'm sorry to hear about your fever.  I hope you feel better soon.  
I like food, what kind of food do you like?  I like fried chicken. 
What is the name of your dog? I think I would like to name mine Dennis.
Oh, I like flags.  I like the colors of the flag.  What is your favorite flag?
I know how that feels, my wife is the same way.  I hate when she agitates me.  What did you do?
I like Jewish cuisine and Italian places. Do you? What is your favorite?
Paraguas is a great place to visit.  I would love to go there one day.
I like stove. I like the wooden stove, it's so soft and warm.
That's cool! What kind of flowers do you grow? I like roses because it's my favorite flower.
I like the outdoors too, but not biking. It's too scary for me.
I love the sun. I like to put them outside in my roof. What about you?
I have never owned a house. I would love to though. What do you do for work?
That sounds like a good idea!  I'll have to look into this!  What is your favorite music store?
I agree.  I don't think I could do it.    What is your favorite food?
I'm a big fan of running, but I'm not sure I could do it daily. Do you run?
How about a Prius? It has been around since the 1980s. What is your favorite car?
I'm not sure if I'm a good driver or drunk. I think I might have a panic attack.
Winter is coming.  I love the snow and the snow.  Do you like it?
I love fried, especially with ketchup.  How about you? What do you like to eat?
I like playing board games.  I play them with my kids.  What kind of board games do you like?
Wow.  I didn't know that.  What is the square shaped object that you are referring to?
Hi. How are you? I'm good. I've just got back from work. How about you?
I love grocery shopping. I shop at Aldi. What about you? What do you like to buy?
I love puddling.  I'm not a fan of water though.  What about you?
I'm a scientist! I study the science of computing in college. Do you have any hobbies?
That's great. I love to get my hair done at home.  It's so convenient.
I think I would have gone with the same thing. I would be too afraid of mold.
That is funny, I love chairs! What do you do for work? I'm a freelancer.
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to drink beer.  I also like whiskey.
I love Washington state. It's one of the most populous states in the US and has some great restaurants there.
I love ficos, they are the best. What do you like to do for fun?
I have a car, but I don't drive it much.  I'm more interested in cars.
I like the opera. It is one of my favorites. What do you do? 
That's awesome!  It sounds like you're a very talented artist.  What type of art do you like?
Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are okay!  Do you have any kids?
That is a good point. I would have to agree with you, I think it's a bit young.
I would have to say the house I would choose is the garage, it is my home.
Board ship is a boat that is used for sailing in a vessel. Do you like it?
I would love to go there one day. I have been to Montreal, Quebec and Vancouver.
I love Rome. It is the best city in the world. I love all the architecture and culture.
Oh, no.  I hope you didn't get any bugs.  They are a nuisance.
That is good to know, thank you for the advice. It is always helpful to have options.
I am going to school right now. I want to be a doctor. Do you have kids?
That sounds cool, I like science but I'm not much of a fan of space adventure.
I love small towns. I have lived in a small town for a long time now. 
I'd love to run in the mountains, but I'm afraid of heights. I don't want to fall down a mountain.
That's cool.  What do you do for a living?  I work in the shipping industry.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any goals for the day? I like to do things that are challenging.
I know what you mean.  I have had that happen.  What do you do for work?
I like the country. I live in a rural area so I don't get out much.
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you find your dog?    Do you have another dog?
I agree. That would save a lot on taxes.  What do you do for a living?
I'm not sure if I could agree with you, but what is the reason for the offense?
I like coffee.  What is your favorite drink?   I like mine black.  
I like sports, but I don't care for crowds. I'd much rather watch TV.
Hi, how are you? I have been working on my answers today. What do you like to do?
I love to throw litter away.  I just don't have a place to dump it.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get help. What's making you angry?
I love barneside the beach! What do you do for a living? I'm a stay at home mom.
Water is a good choice. It is a great source of fresh water and it is also great for your health.
That's really nice, I love to watch that kind of stuff. What do you like to do for fun?
I've never had a rash before. What is it? I've always wanted to try.
Running is fun. I love to run. It's a great way to exercise. Do you like running?
Hello. I like space, but I'm not a fan of the outer space. What do you like to do for fun?
Travel is always a great option.  I love to travel.  What is your favorite place you've been?
That's a really great choice.  I like trunk trunks.  Do you own any?
I love the white house.  It is so nice to have a home built with a clean space.
What kind of law do you want to go into?  I want to be a lawyer. 
I like to study the world. It's a complex process of decoding and analyzing events.
I think you're right.  I've heard that divorce laws vary widely in the world.  It's unfortunate.
I love the nightclubs, they have a ton of people and a lot of people.  Do you like to go to them?
The train station? I've never been, but I know it's the world's largest train station.
I like reading too but my favorites are science fiction and fantasy. What do you like?
That is a great idea, thank you for your advice!  I will keep that in mind. 
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get a chance to relax soon.  Do you have any other plans this weekend?
I like singing.  What kind of music do you like?  I like classical and pop
I would like to know how to use one.  Do you have one?  What type of writing do you do?
How many children do you have in your family? I have two boys and a girl. I love them.
That is a good point, I think it is interesting that there are more than seven types of plants.
Oh, that's interesting. I didn't know there were so many varieties of corn. 
I think that is a great way to go.  What do you do for work?  Are you a teacher?
I love computer games. I have a lot of favorites.  What's your favorite game?
I know that feeling, it is very hard.  What is your favorite thing to do? 
I agree.  It's always better when the person you want it to be.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like newspapers. What is your favorite? I like reading the Da Vinci.
I would love to go to a concert but my schedule doesn't allow it. I'm going to a music festival this weekend.
I like that. What is your favorite food. Mine is cheese. What do you do for a living?
I like blue, but I don't think it's my favorite color. I like red better.
I don't have any children, I'm sure it would be hard for a parent to raise them.
That's terrible, I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried to talk to someone to help you?
That's interesting that the word "classroom", was first recorded in the 10th century by a Latin manuscript.
I like John, he was the quarterback for the University of Michigan.  What is your favorite team? 
That's unfortunate. I would have been irritated too. Did he get a refund?
I like going to the park, but I prefer to go for walks in nature.  Do you like to go outdoors?
That's wonderful! I hope you don't end up with any unwilling children.  Do you have any children?
That's a great idea to try, I will have to try that!  What is your favorite color?
Oh, I love restaurants.  I love trying new food.  How about you?  What do you like to eat?
That's interesting. Do you have any other pets? I have two dogs. They are the best.
I would love to have a cat. How often do you get to see it? Do you have any pets?
I think poker is a great game to play, I like to play casino poker.
I agree, there are many varieties of viruses. Some include malnutrition, virus, and infections.
I would go to that conference! I love going to concerts. I would love to see a concert.
What is your favorite food to eat?  I'm a big fan of chicken.  It is one of my favorites.
Hello, how are you? What is your favorite animal?  I like the mongolian gazel
What are you going to school for?  I'm in college right now.  What are your interests?
Oh no!  That is the worst, I hate when that happens.  What happened? 
Yes, I can see how that could be stressful.  What kind of work did he do?
I agree. I like to go to the park and play with my dogs.  How about you?
I'm happy for you. What is your favorite thing to do in your down time? Mine is relaxing
I agree, sitting on a nice office chair is much better for sitting on the airport floor.
I love getting gifts! What do you like to do for a living? I work as a receptionist
I would love to visit Vegas one day.  It's one of my favorite cities in the world.  Have you ever been?
I love photography.  I love the outdoors and the scenery.  What kind of photos do you like?
That's a good point. I guess I'll have to think about that.    Have you ever been in a wheelchair?
Hi there.  Do you like the outdoors?  I love going to the beach.
That's a great choice. I love art. What do you like to do for fun? 
I hate that. I have had that happen to me before. I just try to stay away.
That is good to know. What is your job? I am a cashier at a restaurant.
I agree. It is always good to have a healthy lifestyle. What do you do for a living?
I have never seen it. What kind of shows do you like? I like to watch televisions.
I have never had a dream like that. I have had a nightmare before. I think I'd have been afraid.
Gymnasum? That sounds cool.  What do you like doing in your spare time?
I agree. I am a bit of an outdoor person and I like to think about the world we live in.
I like to use questions to answer questions that I don't need to answer in advance.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's cool.  I love museums.  It's one of my favorite things to go to.  What do you like to do?
I love the sand. I would love to go there and see the caves. What do you like to do for fun?
That's a great option. What's your favorite store to shop at? I love the convenience of a recycle center.
I'm not sure how he did it, but I'm sure it would have been a good idea for the house to look for.
That's interesting.  What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to play the drums.
The best part about a boat is that it is a self-propulsion boat. That means you don't have to worry about boats.
I love the blue sky. It is a beautiful color. What do you like to do for fun?
How are you doing today?  I'm good.  I just got off work.  How about you?
I love tomatoes and peppers. What about you? What kind of plants do you like?
Sports are fun.  I like to go to malls.  Do you have any favorite places to shop?
Oh, that's so cool! I love reading family picture books. Do you read them a lot?
I think the Atlantic is the best because it is the longest continuous coast in the world.
I think that's the best way to go. I love learning. What are your thoughts on it?
I would have to say the closest thing to an area with a lot of trees is the countryside.
I think I'm a good person, but that doesn't mean I have a lot of karma.
I love frisby. It was invented by a French man named Charles Alderton in the 19th century.
I love magic shows! What's your favorite?  I like the Amusement Parade.
Oh that sounds good, I will have to check it out!  What do you do for a living?
I love cutler! I love the way it makes me feel. Do you have any favorite foods?
I like Louisianiana.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go hiking.
I like my nails. I've had a lot of practice with acupuncture.
I have a lock on my bike and I use it to lock up my bike.  Do you have one?
That's good exercise! I like walking but it can get tiring.  What do you do for a living?
I like the woods.  I live near them and have been to the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
I'm not sure, but I know that lemons and russian lemurs are native to Asia.
That is a good choice.  What is your choice of cat?  I think mine is a tabby.
I love roses. I love the smell of flowers. What is your favorite?  
I guess you are right, I think everyone is special in some way.  Do you have any?
Yes, it is very hard to find a good answer.  What was the question?  
I love movies, I watch them all the time with my family. What movie would you recommend?
I think that's interesting! I would like to see what they have in New Zealand.
I love movies!  The last one I saw was "Sharknado".  Have you seen it?
What do you mean by "heartburn?" I don't know if I have ever had it.
I have never heard of a restaurant called a kitchen in North America. What kind of office is it?
That is a good point.   What is your favorite food?  Mine is chicken nuggets!
That is a good point. I think it would be nice if we could change the world. I would be happy.
That's great to hear. Do you have a particular reason you choose the most expensive destination?
That's a good point, and you're right, he doesn't have to answer the questions.
I'm a huge fan of the cereal. Do you like to eat meat?  
I would love to have a barbecue, but I'm too busy with the kids.
I'm not sure, but I have heard that the metro are the most populated cities in the US.
I think a greenhouse would be a good place to find a green house. What do you think about greenhouse?
Yes, that is the best part of the day. I love to read. What is your favorite?
I hate to snore. I hate when it is so loud. It is hard to hear.
What do you do for a living? I am a stay at home mom with a kid. I love my kids.
I like action movies.  How about you?  What kind of movies do you like?  I like superhero movies.
Do you know the city that is located in Kentucky? That's where I live.
I'm not a fan of erections, but I do enjoy a good movie.  
I would like to say that I would choose the correct option, but I think that would be difficult.
I like both.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go camping.
I agree, but I'm not sure if that's the cause for me. What do you like to do for fun?
I would probably store mine in an attic. It's a great place to store musical instruments.
The question is, what is your favorite type of project to shoot. Mine is a gun. 
That's a great choice. Do you play any musical instruments? I love to play the pianos
I love concerts!  I like theatrical acts that are played on a stage.
I like shopping at super markets. It's a convenient store for groceries and meals.
I like drawing, but I don't have much time. I prefer to read. What do you like to do for fun?
That's a good point! I'm not sure if I could be more educated about this subject, but I do know that there is a lot of controversy surrounding it.
That sounds fun!  What are some of your favorite kinds of alcohol?  I'm a big fan of beer.
I love fast food, but my favorite is Taco Bell.  What is your favorite?  
What is your favorite store?  Mine is Walmart.  They have so much good stuff.
I have never heard that one before.  Do you have any suggestions on which one to choose from?
I would say a bedroom is the best place to live.  I like the fact that they can be made up of furniture.
I love shoes. I have a pair of new balance ones that I like.  What about you?
Annoying. I've had this feeling before. I just started working on my homework.
I'm sorry you have had such a headache.  I hope she's feeling better now!
I agree, I think it's a great idea to let them know that you're being overreacted.
How many houses do you have? Are you married? I have been with my wife since we got married.
I would love to go to Kansas, it's my favorite state. I love the outdoors.
Hello, how are you doing today? I hope you are well! Do you enjoy helping people?
I think I prefer the arch. I like the look and structure.  Do you like architecture?
I love rock music! It's my favorite genre of music! Do you have any favorites?
That sounds very interesting. Do you like to read? I love to read. What is your favorite book? 
I think you're right. But I'm not sure if I want to change the subject. How are you?
That is true. It is very important to know what you are thinking about. What do you think?
That's awful! I'm sorry you had to go through that. I hope they're doing better now.
I like to make furniture. I've made a lot with it. Do you like to do that?
I like the challenge.  I have never tried that before!  I will have to give it a try.
That's interesting, I've never been in a situation like that. I wonder what it feels like.
The Garden Convention is a great place to watch a live audience.  I love the outdoors.
That's a great idea! I think I'll try that.  Homemade foods are usually stored in a container.
Beef stew is one of the best stews out there! I love it so much! 
That is a good idea. I will definitely look into this.  Do you like Starbucks?
Do you know that the airforce is a member of the military? Or a military airforce?
Hi, what is your favorite computer? Mine is an apple computer. Do you have one? 
That's interesting, what is your favourite food?  Mine is chicken.  Do you like to cook?
Yes! I love fast food, especially in the Midwest. What is your favorit fast food restaurant?
I would choose the violin because it has a hollow wooden body and it has the highest resonating frequency.
What is your favorite food? Mine is spaghetti and meatballs. I could eat it every day.
I like the outdoors, but I don't like crowds much. I like to be outside.
Fridge food is a great way to store your food. It can be prepared with vegetables, meats and condiments.
Oh, that is interesting.  I'm sorry you have to experience this.  Have you ever had to deal with it?
I love mustaches. I wish I had one right now. What do you like to do for fun?
I'm sorry to hear that. What happened?  Did you have a bad experience with the owner?
I'm so sorry that you're going through this.  I hope you're not experiencing pain.
I have never been to a beach, I have been to the Gulf of Mexico, but never seen any shark.
What do you do for a living? I work with computers. I'm a computer technician.
I'm sorry to hear about your headaches. Do you have a favorite food? Mine is chocolate. 
I love dogs, especially the ones that are friendly and playful. What kind of dog are you thinking?
The only places I've ever ridden on a train is the subway. It's so convenient.
I like going to the park and playing golf. It's relaxing.  Do you?
That is good to know. I will have to try that. I would love to have my own hotel.
I agree. I think it is a waste of time. I don't like to use high-impact things.
I'm from California, so I've always liked the beach.  Do you have a favorite place?
I love the fact that the word "hampshir" is from the Old English word "Hampshire".
Chemistry is a subject I am not good at, but I have a degree in physics.
That is interesting. I have been studying for a test recently and I have a lot of questions.
I can't believe it! I wonder if it has been around for a long time. Do you like it?
I like math. It's the easiest way to solve problems.  What do you do?
I love supermarkets! I like to get my salon done at home, but it's a lot more convenient at home.
I'm sorry, I don't know if I can help.  Do you have any ideas?
Veggie stew, or stew?  I like both.  Do you like to cook?
I would have to say the word "special" since it's the most used word in the world.
Oh, I see.  I'm sorry.  What did you do to get your shopping bag?
What do you play?  I like listening to music.  What is your favorite type of music? 
I agree with that. I think we have too many government.  What do you like to do?
I love walking in the park.  I like the outdoors, and it's good exercise.
I would say the question of whether you throw it in a trash can or throw it out of the garbage.
That's not good. Are you talking about the inflation rate? It is one of the highest in the world.
That's a great idea! I'll have to look into it, thank you for the suggestion!
I think I'm going to choose the right choice.  I have been there a few times.
That is a good idea, he must be very smart. I hope he is found soon. 
What is your favorite color?  I like red.  Do you have a favorite?  Mine is yellow.  I love the color yellow.
I love newspapers.  I read a lot of news articles.  Do you like news?
I like backpackers.  I like to use them for hiking and camping.  Do you have any?
What is the answer?  What is your favorite food?  I love mexican food.
Spongebob is my favorite! It was made for Nickelodeon.
I love dogs! They are such good companions. I have one myself. Do you have a dog?
I think I have a pretty good memory.  I have always liked smartphones.  What is your phone like?
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm so sorry for your loss. How are you doing?
That's a really good question.  What would you choose to eat?  I like Chinese.  I think I'd choose Thai.
That's a good choice.  I like mine with bacon.  How about you?  What do you do for a living?
I have been to Argentina, I love the archipelago!  I would love to visit someday.
That is so cool.  I would love to be a writer.  Do you like to write books?
I have never been to a bathroom that is so clean.  Do you have a big family?
That's cool.  I like museums.  They are a great way to learn new things.
I love the solar eclipse, I can see the stars in the night. 
I love to write poetry, especially when it's a good question.  What's your favorite poet?
That is a good point. What grade do you teach? I'm not sure how to answer this.
I think you're right. It's hard for me to find a moral answer. I just want to be safe.
Yes, it is a shame. The word slavery came from the Latin word "tatu" meaning serval.
How do you feel about learning?  I find it very interesting.  It is a complex process of decoding symbols in order to construct or derive meaning.
I'm not sure what the kids want to do but it's for sure they will be happy.
That's interesting!  I'll have to check it out.  Do you know how to read well?
That's awesome!  I love learning.  What are some of your favorite subjects?  I like reading books.
That's a good point, I like to write poetry, but I'm not very good.  What do you write?
I like to draw, I like the idea of having multiple desk drawers. What about you?
I think he probably drank a lot of water.  I'm not sure if he drank any liquid though.
I love sundays.  I love to go out to eat and listen to music and read.  What about you?
That is a good point, what kind of facilities do you like to visit?  I love going to the beach.
I'm so sorry, I hope you don't have to be too hard on yourself for this. 
I am sorry to hear that. I would recommend a therapy session or counseling to help you.
Good for you.  What are you passionate about?  I love to travel.  I have been to Europe, Asia, and Africa.
That would be a good choice! I like the railroad because it can be used to pull up, or to pull people up.
That sounds like a cool place to work.  I would imagine it would be a train station.
I love to sleep. I usually get up early. Whats your favorite thing to do? 
What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? I love to cook and bake.
I'm a big fan of whiskey, but I think I'm going to try and get away with it.  How about you?
That sounds really nice.  Do you have any pets?  I have a dog.  He's my world.
That sounds like a good idea to have, what do you do for a living?   
The only place I've been to is the city of Cincinnati. It's a nice place.
I like comedies, but I like action movies.  I also like romantic comedies.
I have a feeling you are right.  I will have to look into that.   
I agree with you, it is a good way to see things. What do you enjoy doing for work?
Good luck to you! What is your favorite TV show? I like Friends. Do you have a favorite show?
That's a good idea. I think I will do that.  Do you think I'll have a boy or a girl?
Yes, I know what you mean. I have learned a lot from my friends. I don't know why. 
I love to cook, but I'm not very good at it. Do you like cooking? 
Oh, that is a good idea.  I will have to do that.  Do you think I should get a hat?
I do enjoy sex. I like to go on dates with friends. What do you like to do?
That's interesting.  I like the historical museums.  Have you seen any?
Yes.  Water is a great source of energy.  I drink it all the time.  It's one of the most widely consumed beverages in the world.
What subject do you teach in school?  Do you have a job?  I teach English.
That's a good choice.  I love shopping!  Where do you like to shop? 
That's a good idea.  Do you think it's a wise choice to buy groceries?
I like the gunpowered ones, but I prefer the more powerful ones that have been used in the past
I would like to know where I can find it.  What would you recommend?  Do you have a favorite store?
I think you're right.  I don't think I would be able to do that.  It sounds scary.
That's interesting I didn't know they had a police station.  Do you know what it is called?
I like to go to the club. I like the atmosphere. I also like meeting new people.
I know right?  I was so mad when he made me do it.  He didn't even apologize.
I am not sure if I should have said that. What do you do for a living? 
I love the mountains.  There are some really nice ones out there.  Have you ever been?
What's your favorite color?  Mine is blue.  What's yours?  I'm a night sky fan!
That's interesting. Do you know how to play chess? I love playing chess. 
That is good, I am not sure I want to pay extra taxes.  I do want to make more money.
Saucepans are a great tool for handling small objects.  What is your preferred type of sauces?
I like to have a full breakfast, it is the best.  What is your favorite food?
I know what you mean. I have a tendency to get tired after a workout and I feel like I need more rest.
I love cats! They are so cute and playful!  What's your favorite cat? 
I like to wear nice clothes in my mansions.  I like how they look.  
That's a good choice. What are some of your favorite colors? Mine is blue.  
I love books.  I have a lot of old school books from the past.  Do you have anything you would like to tell me about yourself?
I love to ride bikes.  I'm not sure I could do that on a bike though.
What are some of your favorites?  I love the classics like "The Conjuring"!
I'm not sure what I want to spend it on but I know that's a good choice.
I would have to say the most common place in the world is a bedroom.  What do you think?
I have never experienced any memory loss before. What happened if you don't mind me asking? 
I love shelf.  My son has a lot of old books from his childhood.  What do you like to do for fun?
I'm sorry that happened to you.  I'm a real estate agent, I can help you.
I would have to say I would keep a lot of paper files in my house. I have a desk at home.
I love coffee!  I like the arabica flavor.  It's my favorite coffee beverage.
That sounds awful.  Have you talked to your boss about this?  Maybe they can help!
I love theaters, but they can get pricey. I'd rather go for the cheaper seats.
I think I'll go for a walk. It's a great way to burn calories. Do you exercise?
I have never been in a basement, is it safe?  I have heard about them.
I am sure they will find out what it was.  Do you know anyone who was murdered?
That's a good point!  I'm sure it's a great way to pass time!  Do you have any children?
I would love to see that. What do you like to do for fun?  I like road trips.
I agree, it's interesting. The word "communism" was first used in the 10th century
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find your answers. What do you think happened to you?
I'm a big animal lover. I have a dog and two cats. What about you?
That's interesting. I'm a vegan. I don't eat anything that comes from animals. What about you?
I am thinking of buying my son a christmas decorated tree.  I think he will love it.
That's interesting. I've never had a fresh egg before. I know they are very valuable.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you get it all straight. I have been divorced for a couple of years now.
That is a great idea, I will have to look into that.  Thanks for the suggestion.
I like shopping at malls. They are usually cheap and easy to find items that fit my style.
I would love to visit Michigan one day! I have always wanted to visit the Grand Tetons. Have you ever been?
That sounds really nice. Do you have any hobbies? I like to read. What do you like to do?
I love basement. My favorite part is the fact that it's a safe place to work.
That's a shame.  I don't think it's as bad as alcoholism.  You just have to find the right person.
That is great to know, I have never been to court before!  Do you have any children?
I like chess.  I'm not very good at it.  What's your favorite board game?
I would go to the gym to get some exercise.  What do you like to do? 
I agree with you. I would be so ashamed of my actions. What do you do for a living?
Wow, you are a woman!  I have never heard of anyone who was pregnant before.  How did you meet?
Reading is fun! Do you read a lot? I like to read fantasy novels when I have time.
How do you feel about the kidnapping? Is it possible for the child to get revenge?
I agree! I'm a big fan of learning! What is your favorite subject in school? 
I'm sure you'll do fine. It's always good to have options. What would you choose?
I love my drums. What is your favorite drum machine? I have an electric drum set. I love the sound it makes.
I agree. I don't understand what you're saying.  I'm sorry you feel that way. 
Oh that's interesting. I have never seen one of those before. What is a taxi cab?
Yes I love the way the flask holders can be used in a wide variety of applications.
I love my cabinets.  I have a few in mine.  What do you like to do for fun?
What is your favorite food item? I love food so much! I love all types of food.
I'm not sure what I would have done if I had been fifteen. I don't think I'd be able to play any instruments.
That sounds really nice.  I think I would choose the Amusement Park.  It is the largest park in the world.
I like cold but I prefer warm weather.  I don't like the heat.  What's your favorite kind of weather?
I love candy. I'm trying to find a good recipe online. What do you like to do on your spare time?
I love a good cupboard, it's my favorite thing to have on any occasion. 
Oh wow, I love climbing stairs. What is your favorite staircase you climb?
I agree, that is a very good way to think of it.  What do you do?
That's a great idea. What do you do for a living? I'm a teacher. 
That's great, do you have any favorite supermarket stores? Mine is Sam's Club!
Coffee is good for you, it's one of the best beverages on the planet
I agree! I love to learn. I'm going to bed now. What do you like to do?
I think I have a lot more experience with that kind of pain than I do with my knees.
I would like to visit the capital of Czech Republic. Have you ever visited there?
That's interesting. I like wine, but not wine.  What do you like to drink?
I agree.  I think that is a good idea.  It is hard to find the answers you need.
I can understand that.  I am so sorry to hear that. It sounds like you are going to need some counseling.
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to fix up my house. I'm good at it.
That's cool. I don't think I played any sports growing up, I was just a kid. I'm a huge fan of sports.
That's a good one.  Do you have any other options that would make you want to go to one?
Yes, I think I'm pretty smart too. I'm just trying to figure out how to fix it.
I love cats! I have two myself and they're so cute. Do you have any pets?
I'm sorry, I don't understand. Can you tell me more about yourself? I have a lot of friends in the world.
I'm a bit of a hypochondriac. But if I start to feel that way, I'll probably stop.
What are some of the things you like to do in your spare time? I love to read.
I like rain.  I love being outside and being outside.  It's my favorite part of the day.
I'm going to have a fat dinner.  I love mexican!  Do you like Mexican food?
That is a good idea.  I have no idea how to do that.  Do you have a fridge?
I love to eat out but my favorite is Burritos. They are my favorite fast food place to eat.
I've had a couple heart attacks.  I have been told that it can happen at any point in the day.
Bladder bladder is one of the most widely known and used phenomena in the world.
What kind of church do you belong to? Do you believe in a specific religion? I don't.
I think she's going bald, but I'm not sure.  I don't think she was worried about it.
I have always wanted to visit the United States.  I hear it is beautiful and the weather is nice!
I like to play board games.  It's fun to play with friends.  What's your favorite game to play?
I like to shop there. I have been there many times and love the shopping center. What do you like to do?
I love my home.  It is so peaceful and quiet.  What do you do for a living?
I like rock music. It is a genre of rock music that developed in the early 1980s in Los Angeles.
I like the classroom, but I like my privacy.  Do you like to read?
I would love to go to the mall.  It is the largest city in the United States.
I like to keep a good amount of blood. It is important to have enough blood for the human body.
I have been working hard to get my money. I'm not sure if I can do better.
I think it's good to be able to understand each other. I'm sure you have a lot of friends.
That's a good idea. I think I'll try that! I'm sure she'll love it.
Hello, how are you? I'm just getting to know you. I've never seen this person before.
Hi, I just got back from a meeting with my boss, what are you up to? 
I love aircraft. What kind of aircraft do you have? I like the airplane designs.
I like to sit down and listen to music, I like country music especially. What do you do?
I would love to go to the Toy store.  Do you have any toys you'd like to get?
That makes sense. I'm not a big fan of reading. I prefer to watch TV. 
I would have to say in a kitchen. I think it has to be a kitchen in the house.
I would love to find some old homes in my area.  What do you like to do on your spare time?
I like museums, I like to go there when I can.  What else do you like to do?
I think I'm going to go get lunch. I'm hungry. What are your thoughts on it?
I have never been to a race track.  I would love to go, but it's so expensive.
I like grocery shopping too, especially if it is in a big city. How about you?
I love science. It makes me feel smart! What subjects do you study in school? 
I would like to go to a museum.  It is located in the United States.
I have never been to the library of my school.  I know it is a great resource.
That's interesting. How do you feel about chairs? I love chairs. I have a hard time sitting in one.
Gasoline has a high fructose corn syrup.  I don't drink it.
That would be a great choice, since it's a public transit system. Do you have any other suggestions?
I agree.  It feels good to have a healthy attitude.  How long have you been a doctor?
I love cupboard.  I love all kinds of pie.  What's your favorite pie?  I like apple pie the best.
I'd love to buy an antique home.  I love antique furniture. 
I have never been but I have been to a lot of places in the world.  Have you?
I like grass fields, but not fields. I prefer the outdoors. What about you?
What kind of music do you listen to? I like rock music. I love the blues.
I love to shop for materials. What type of material are you into? Metal or wood?
I like the nightclubs too. It can be a bit crowded though. How about you?
Sharks can actually be found in fresh or salt water, but I'm not sure I would want to go in a salt water.
I like to think I am progressive. But I am not sure if I am the only one who does.
That sounds interesting.  I would love to learn about different subjects.   Do you have any hobbies?
What is your favorite kind of party? I like to throw parties, but not at my house.
I like the nightclubs. What's your favorite? I like to go out and dance.
That's a great idea, I'll have to do that.  Do you have any favorite flowers?
That is great advice. I will have to try it. What is your favorite thing to do?
I think you are right. I would never do that.   Do you think she is a good liar?
I love sushi. I could eat it every day!  What about you? Do you like sushis?
I like wearing hats, but I don't wear them very often. What kind of hat do you wear?
I would like to go to a hotel.  Do you like hotel resorts?  I love going to the grocery store.
That is a good idea. I need to get some rest. I have been up late at night.
I love to paint. Do you like art? What kind of art do you do?  
Whiskers is a good name for a cat. I have two myself. Do you have any cats?
Hi how are you today? I just got back from a run and my daughter is exhausted.
What do you mean fight?  I don't understand.  Are you a social worker? 
Fishing is a great way to catch fish.    Do you like to fish? 
That would be very upsetting.  What do you do for a living?  I'm a teacher, but I have never had a job like that.
I like forest. I have been to the Appalachian National Scenic Trail and it was beautiful.
I love to dance.  I also like to jog.  How about you?  What kind of workouts do you do?
I like the cooler weather.  I like getting out and doing things.  Do you like summer weather?
I would probably get a case of some sort of leather or plastic, since I don't have a case.
I have always wanted to visit the Grand Tetons.  I have a friend who is from Michigan.
That is interesting.  Do you know what kind of questions you would have to answer?  
Yes, I love sweet flavors.  I think they are the best.  What about you?
I like bowling too. Do you like to watch movies? I like action and adventures.
I think I'll make a list.  I'm trying to save money for some new things.
I would love to get my cat to lay on my bed but I have no room for it.
That's great!  What is your favorite animal?  Mine is probably the cattle. 
I see. Do you have any other friends in your house? I don't have any friends.
What city are you from?  I'm from the United States.  We live in a rural area. 
I love soup, but not soup. I don't think I could make it without a cupboard.
That's interesting. Do you have any other hobbies? I love to go for long rides.
How do you feel about flooding? I would hate to have to evacuate.
I think that's one of the most common choices in a battle. What do you think? 
What did you do to get rid of it? Did you get a new one?   I have a couple of friends that have gotten rid of them.
What is your favorite thing to do for fun? I like to play with legos.  
I have never heard of it before, what language is it?  Do you speak any other languages?
What are some of your favorite things to do? I love to travel, especially to new orleans.
I like amusements, but I don't go often. Do you have a favorite one?
I am sure he will do great in his future.  What subject is this class in? 
That is a good one. Do you think you will choose the river or lake or ocean?
That sounds nice. I like the outdoors, but I don't think I have the time for it.
I have a few questions for you. What are your hobbies? I like making pillows.
What is your favorite color?  Mine is yellow.  I love it.  It is my favorite.
I would like to live in an apartment complex. I love being surrounded by people. I would love to see them.
That is interesting. Do you like to drive? I love to drive fast in my Ford Falcon.
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope it gets better. Do you have any hobbies that you enjoy?
I would love to get a furniture, but I don't have any room for it at the moment. 
I like the idea of the animal's personalities and their physical attributes.  
I love bowling! It's one of my favorite recreational activities. Have you ever participated in a race before?
That sounds like something I would enjoy. Do you have any plans for the rest of the day?
I hope you are able to recover your money and good luck.  I'm sure you're going to be fine.
What is your favorite store to shop at? My favorite is Walmart. I like the selections.
I like how easy it is to learn new things. It's a great way to share information and ideas. 
Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever had alcoholic problems? It affects your brain, heart, and pancreas.
I like pizza, but I don't like the fact that it can be topped with vegetables, meats, and condiments.
That's a good choice for the carpet. I like carpet myself. What kind of food do you like to eat?
I don't think I've ever done that. I'm sure it can be a bit pricey. 
I have never been but I would love to visit. I heard Mexico is a beautiful place. Have you been?
I like going to the theatre, but I usually buy them at the opera. What's your favorite?
I would rather have my paper holder at a hospital than at home.  Do you like to go to the hospital?
I guess so, but I'm more of a "normal" person. I like being unique.
That's a good point. Fish don't have to use their fins, they use bones instead of legs.
I know what you mean. I love food. What do you think? I love all types of food.
I love dogs! What's your favorite? Mine is the Australian Silky Terrier! They were originally bred as hunting dogs.
What country?  I am from Canada, and I have never been to a rural area!
I'd like to go to the superstate in New Orleans. Have you ever been?
That's awesome!  Do you have any favorites?  I like movies that are about horses.
That would be interesting to see him in a battleship cabinet. I would love to see.
That's great.  I have never been to a farm.  What do you like to do for work?
I would choose the suburban, as it is the most populous urban area in the U.S.
I think I'll stop driving because I don't want to get a ticket!  I hate when that happens!
What is it that you are thinking about?  I am not sure what you are doing right now.
That's a good question. I think I'm going to have a hard time deciding. What would you recommend me?
What do you mean by that?  Do you mean the spark of skinny people?  I don't know what you mean.
That's interesting. I guess I'll have to try that.  Do you have any hobbies?
That's a good question.  Do you have a garage where you live?  Do they usually have a firehouse?
I love to read books.  Do you?  I am currently reading The Hitchhikers guide.  It is my favorite book.
I have never been to one but I have been to the city of Dallas, TX. 
That's interesting. I have never heard of such a thing before. Do you have to answer?
I love riding bus! It's the only way I can get my daily commute to work.
What city are you from? I'm from a rural area and I love it here. 
What are you doing tonight? I'm just watching tv. I don't have time to do much.
Hello there. How are you? I love the beach. I live near a lake.
I like to compete in competitions. I usually go with my friends, but I don't have anyone to compete with.
I love dogs, I have 2 myself. What do you like to do for fun?  
That is so cool!  I have never been there.  What language is it in?  I am sure it is very interesting.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find a better option for what you want. 
I would have done a lot worse if I could. What do you do for a living? 
I agree.   Do you have a favorite subject in school?  Mine is math and I love it.
I live in Manhattan and I'm in a hotel.  What do you do in your hotel?
I know what you mean. It can affect your body and your mind. I try to stay healthy.
I would have to agree. I would love to go to church on a sunday. 
I would have to say the kitchen is my favorite place to go to eat.  I love to cook!
Dogs are the best. They are so loyal. Do you have any pets? 
You know, you're right. I think that's a good option. I'll have to look into it. Thanks for the suggestion!
I love bus depots. I always get to travel by train. What do you like to do?
I'm a student at a university. I'm studying computer science. Do you have a major?
That's interesting.  Do you have a house built in a house?  I've heard of those.
Oh dear I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok. Did you call the police?
Oh no! I hope you are alright. I have a feeling you are going to be okay.
I love breakfast. Breakfast is my favorite.   How about you?  What do you like to eat?
How did you do?  I think I am going to get a new car.  What kind did you get?
I love lamb, it's one of the best animals in the world and it's so tasty.
I would love to visit Montana. I hear it is a nice place for shopping.  
I'm a nurse, I work in the emergency room.  What do you do? 
Good luck! I hope you don't get hurt. I am sure you will have plenty of chances.
I think I like classical because it's so simple. What's your favorite kind of music?
I don't think I have ever been involved in politics, but I know it can be very stressful.
I like birds. Do you? What kind of birds do you have? I have a cocktail.
I love to clean the fridge, it is the best part about having a clean place. 
I like gardening. It's relaxing and relaxing. I grow all kinds of plants
I would not want to go to prison. I think it would be a waste of my time.
I love winter. It is so relaxing and I like to lay around and watch the snow fall.
I'd say that's a great option. I like to show them how I feel about them.
That's awesome. I love antique stores. What is the best antique shop you have been to?
I like grocery stores. I like the convenience they have. I have a farmers market in my town.
I have a lot of trouble finding a job. What do you do in your spare time? I like to read.
Ocean is a great choice. I prefer the Atlantic to the Chesapeake Bay.
I have never been there, but I have seen some marmots there. I would love to visit.
What do you do for a living? I work at a hospital as a nurse. What do your parents do?
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to the park.   
Do you like to dance? I do, but I am not very good. What is your favorite type of dance?
What is your favorite book to read? Mine is The Hitchhiker series.  
I would have to say the best choice is to have a room for the mother to stay at.
Wow, I didn't know that, that's interesting. What makes you want to get married?
What is the question of the question?  I'm not sure if I could answer it. 
That's a great choice! I love museums so much that's where I get my inspiration.
I think I will go with the chess board.  It's my favorite game to play. 
I agree! I have a job as a teacher, so I get to spend time with my children.
I am not sure if I have ever had a sweat in my life. I have a hard time breathing.
I think I would be better at getting up early. It would be easier to get up early in the morning.
I think it is called being suspicious. I am not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing though.
I agree. The worst part about hurting another person is that you have to deal with it.
Seylles are awesome, I like to go fishing and catch fish in my spare time
Drinking is not good for your brain, it is bad for your heart and liver. 
I love the air.  I love how it's so clear and refreshing.  
I think I'm going to choose the best option, I'm really not sure.  What would you pick?
I love concerts!  What kind of music do you like?  I love music!
Oh I love hiphop and I'm a huge fan of Jacob Sullivan.
I know that feeling.  I hate when that happens.  It can make you feel so uncomfortable!  What do you like to do for fun?
I have never been there but it sounds like a nice place for meeting new people.  Do you have a favorite place in Montana?
I have always wanted to learn how to play the guitar, but never got the time. Do you play?
I agree, I have a hard time getting rid of it. What do you like to do for fun?
I think I'll be okay. What do you think of people who lay on their bed all day?
I would probably try that. I usually try to stay up until at least 8 or 8. 
I agree. It's a sad thing to see that we have to rely on money to pay bills.
That's interesting, how long have you been there? I love the city. What do you do for a living?
I would love to see a dog, but I'm allergic to cats.  I think it would be hard to find one.
I like to think I'm a good person. I'm just not a very confident person. 
I think you're right. You can be honest without being a bad person. It's good for you.
I love bookstores, especially used ones that can be used for research or educational purposes!
I love hiking. Do you? I have a lot of hikes in the mountains.
I don't like to drink water.  Do you?  I'm a big fan of water.
That's a good point. I think I will just stick to paying my taxes.   
That's a good one, I like flowers and plants. What is your favorite flower? 
I like to make fart noises.  I'm a night owl.  Do you work?
I have never been to a restaurant, how about you? What type of food do you like?
Hi, I just got back from a hike. I was on the appalachian Northern part of Georgia.
I think I would like to do a meditation in bed.  I have a feeling I could do it.
Adventure! I love adventures, especially in the mountains. How about you? 
Oh, I see. What do you do for a living? I'm a computer programmer.
Hi, I love the jungle.  I love to go camping and hike the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
I love apple. I have an apple iphone. I like the iphone hardware store as well.
I don't know.  I'm not sure I could do that.  What do you think?  Do you think he will do it?
Yes, I know that feeling.  I'm a bit anxious about it.  It's hard to focus on one thing.
I would probably put him outside, but I think he would probably be okay if he was outside.
That's cool. I like rugs, so I'll probably get one that matches my apartment.
I like reading news, but I prefer non-fiction ones, such as crime novels.
That's a good point. I usually play games that are more challenging. Do you have a favorite?
That is a good choice. I have always wanted to go there.  Have you ever been? 
I agree, I love the reefs and the sharks! They are so fascinating.
I love beer.  What is your favorite beer?  I like all kinds of beer! 
What do you do for a living?  I work at a bank.  What do your parents do?
I love water, I have never had the opportunity to swim in it before, how about you?
I think that is a good choice.  What is your favorite show?  Mine is the Office.  It is my favorite show.
That's awesome. It's good to have some fun times to get away with. What do you like to do for fun?
I have never been to a fashion show. I would love to go one day though. Do you like fashion?
I have no idea, but the term "cape-caver" was first recorded in the 10th century.
That's scary. What do you do for a living? I work for an airline.  
I would have to say the chicken.  I don't think I could eat beef.  How about chicken?  Did you choose chicken?
I love clouds.  They're my favorite part of the day.  I like to go fishing on the weekends.
Yes, I love food. I would like to cook a big meal with lots of veggies and meats.
That's a good idea!  I think I'll have to give this a try!  Thanks for the advice!
What kind of questions would you like to answer?  Lizard regrow their tails?
I hate headaches. I always get them before I go to bed. What is your favorite color?
I would love to go on a cruise ship.  I have been to a few.
What is your favorite color?  I like yellow.  It's one of the three primary colors
I love to go for a run.   It is one of my favorite things to do.
I'm so sorry you have to deal with that. Have you ever broken any bones? 
That's a good point, I like to play pool.  What about you?  Do you like pools?
I'm allergic to shellfish. What do you like to do for fun? 
I have never been to a zoo before, but I have heard it is a great zoo.
I love barns.  I used to work in a barneside the house on Saturdays, and we used to go horseback riding there.
Hi! I love to use my notepads.  What is your favorite color? Mine is red.
That sounds like fun. What do you do for fun? I like going out and meeting new people.
I'm sorry to hear that. I would be furious if that happened to me. How did you handle it?
That is a good point. I would have to say the museums in the early 20th century. 
How are you doing today? I'm good, thanks for the advice, I'll have to remember that next time!
That's interesting. What questions do you have? I have a lot of questions, but I can't think of any good ones.
I agree with you! What do you like to do for fun? I enjoy reading. I love to read.
I love the outdoors. I love to go for walks on the beach. 
I like to think we would all live in a better country.  What country would you want to live in?
I love feet.  What is your favorite kind of feet?  I like the ones that are bone.
I like cartililage. Do you know of it? It's a form of body language that originated in the Middle East.
I would love to visit San franciscisco. I love the beach. Do you have any suggestions?
That sounds really cool, I would probably go to a concert there. What type of music do you play?
I love a good meal. I like to make my own lunches. What about you?
Soccer is fun to watch.  I like watching movies more than watching them.  What is your favorite movie?
That's great! I love pizza! Do you like olives? They are a traditional Italian dish consisting of a yeasted flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce and cheese.
Do you like to sing? It is one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
Submarine is a great choice. The only submarines I have ever seen were in Japan.
I'm sorry to hear that.  It's a tough thing to go through.  I hope you can overcome this.
I am sorry that happened.  I have never had a bankrupt.  What happened?  Did you lose your credit card?
I love shorts! What's your favorite kind? I'm a big fan of dark colored shorts.
The Atlantic Ocean is one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. I would love to visit one day
That is very sad. I am sorry to hear that.  Do you feel any pain? 
Hi, what are your thoughts on drinking sodas? I am a big fan of root beer, but I don't drink it often.
I love the snow. I have never been to Wisconsino, but I have been to the U.S.
I agree, I think it is a great way to make money and make money.  Do you have any hobbies?
What is your favourite dog? Mine are the Golden Retriever, they are so smart.
I like frigates, but I'm not much a fan of boats, I like boats better.
I like to think of myself as the best person in the world.  I have been there a lot.
I am sorry to hear that. Do you like to drink? I do not, but I know it is a very social activity.
That would be a good place to stay. I would love to see some of the historic places.
Green beans are so good. They are one of the most common beans in the world.
I know what you mean! They are such a great friend, I don't know if I could live without them in my life.
I agree, it's unfortunate that they are so hard on their children. I'm sure it will be better for them.
What kind of music do you like? I love country music. Do you have a favorite band?
I would like to go to the grave but I am too scared to go there. What is your favorite place to go?
I agree.  I love making homemade cookies.  Do you like baked goods?
I'm sorry you are having to go through that. I hope he is able to find another job soon.
What do you like doing for fun? I enjoy reading. I'm a big fan of science.
That would be great advice! Thank you! I'll have to look into this. What would you like to do?
I would be a little scared too. I would have to wear pants if I were you.  
Yes it is. What do you like to do for a living? I'm currently a teacher.
I like shopping at thrift stores, but I don't have any in my area. I would rather shop for clothes.
I love shopping for christmas. I love the christmas market. I like the lights, decoration, and the trees.
I'm sorry. I have never had a stomach. I'm not sure what you meant by that.
I agree.  Cleaning can be a real pain.  What do you like to do to relax?
I love to make a nice home cooked meal.  How about you?  What do you like?
Jail time is a harsh punishment for those who are in jail! How do you feel about it?
Oh yes, I like candy bars.  They are my favorites.  Do you like sweets?
I've heard of it.  Is it in the southeastern part of the US?
Oh, I see. I guess I'm not sure if there is an option for that. What is your favorite thing to do for fun?
The museums are really good. I have never been to one. Is it worth it?
That is a good point.  What do you think happened next?  Did the teacher say anything?
Lightening was one of the most powerful storms in the world. It was a scary storm!
That is a good one. What is Erins favorite food? Mine is pizza.  
That is interesting. I would love to have a gambling addiction. I have a hard time with money.
I would love to go to Washington D.C.    I like the city life.
I love concerts. I love singing in front of people.   What concert is it?
I think it is a nice place to live. The basement is a good place to hide spiders.
I would have to say it would be a good choice.   What is yours?  Do you know what is the answer?
That's a great choice. I like mall seats. I'm not sure if I could choose one though.
I like the fact that it has been around since the early 19th century.  Do you like reading?
I would love to hike the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, but I don't want to get too fat.
Hi! I'm from the United States. I've been to Switzerland, but never been to any other country.
I love to read, especially science fiction.  How about you?  What are some of your favorites?
Oh dear, I'm sorry to hear that. Have you had to deal with it? 
I'm not sure if I agree, but I do know it was the right choice for him.
I like gravity. I like the fact that we can use gravity in so many ways.
That's cool, I like to go to zoos when the weather is nice. Do you like animals?
I would love to go to the Olympic games, but I'm afraid of crowds.
That's a good idea.  I'm going to try and figure it out.   
What do you do for a living?  I'm a mechanic.  I work in an office.
I'm so sorry to hear about your condition. Is there a doctor you can go to in order to figure it out?
Oh, I didn't know they were in Africa. I'm not sure I could find any there, though.
Do you have an apartment? I want a house, but I don't know where to start.
How do you feel about Trump? I feel like he will make a good president.  Do you think he is a good candidate?
I think I would be more of an outdoorsy type of person. I like hiking.
That is good advice.  I will try that.    What is your favorite thing to eat?
I think I will have to do that. I have been reading a lot lately.  Do you have any suggestions?
I love shredded shreders.  What do you like to do for fun? 
I agree, but it's not always the best. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to go to the movies too, especially when the weather is nice. What are some of your favorite movies?
I love cupboards! I have one in my office and I love it.   What do you do for a living?
I like to make spagetti, but I prefer pasta dishes with tomato sauce.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What happened to it?  Was it damaged? 
Oh, I love dentistry, and I love reading books on it. What's your favorite book?
How long did it take you to answer the door? I am sure that was a long time ago
I know. I'm sorry to laugh, but I don't know what I'd do without that memory.
I have never heard of a Septic. Is that a type of aquarium?
I'm from the south, I'm originally from the west coast of the US. How about you?
You can store potato chips in the winter, but I would like to store them in my house.
That's interesting to know. What do you think of the Space Shuttle, or the Space Force?
I like to read, but I prefer a physical book rather than digital.  What do you like to do?
Good for you.  What is your major? Mine is in Biology.   
I would have to say a good mechanic is a good candidate for fixing airplanes.
Hi, how are you? What is your favorite thing to do? I like learning about history.
What do you do for a living? I work in a bank. What about you?  
Schizophreia is a mental disorder in which a person has difficulty in their own way.
That's good to know. Do you like fruits? I really like banana. 
I agree, it is hard to find a good way to relax. I like to drink. Do you?
I love bowling.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I like to go to the beach and swim.
I would love to be in a box. I have a bunch of kids that would love that.
What city is that in?  I've never been to a big city before, but I'd like to one day.
I can see why it would be a little scary. What is your favorite football team? Mine is the Atlanta Georgia Raiders.
I think it is good to know how to speak two languages! Do you speak any other languages?
I like to drink beer, but I am not a fan of the taste. What about you?
That is a good one.  I like to think I have the right one for my kids.
Oh wow. I've never heard of this type of dance. I'll have to look it up.
That's a good idea. I'll have to do that! Thanks for helping me think about it!
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are alright and that you have some good news.
I like to store bottled water in my toilet because it is so convenient. Do you have a favorite place to go?
I love treasure treasures like treasure coins.  What's your favorite treasure?
Oh no I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok.  Do you have any pets?
Yes, that is a good point.  What would you choose?  What do you want to do?
Thanks. I will. Do you have any kids? I've 3 and they are my world.
Oh, yes.  I love the kitchen.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to cook.
I have never been to a chain restaurant but I love to play chess, what kind of restaurant is that?
Wow, that's a lot. Do you have any pets? I have a dog. She likes to fetch the eggs.
I am sure it would be nice to have a medical office that specializes in luggages.
Hi there! Hows your day going so far? I'm just getting ready for a long day.
That sounds like a great idea! I'll have to look into it.  Do you like museums?
I have never been to a library. What do you do for a living? I am a graphic designer.
I'm sorry to hear that. I know it can make people feel guilty about things that aren't good. What's going on?
Yes!  I love the bus system.  It is such a convenient way to get around town.  I can get anywhere I want.
Hello, my name is joe. I play the violin. Whats your name? 
That's a great choice!  Do you have a favorite type of fish?  I love all kinds of fish!
I would love to go to college and party with a lot of friends.  Do you have any friends?
That's a pretty good choice.  I like flowers.  What is your favorite flower?
I can understand that. I've had that frustration myself. What do you do for a living?
What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? I enjoy gentling.  
Hi how are you today?  I just got off work.  I was a teacher.  How are you?
That's awesome! What do you like to shop for?  I love shopping for shoes. 
That's great, I hope he gets the phone and answers soon.  What did you do?
Oh wow, that sounds like a lot of fun and interesting. What do you like most about it?
I like the salt water.  It is a great salt water cleaner.  How do you feel about salt water?
I think I am going to get a bee honey.  Do you have any suggestions?
I love the sky. I like to look at it in the clouds when it is dark. 
The national park is beautiful. I would love to go there one day. What is the closest national park you have visited?
I like to go to the lake.  It is very calming and relaxing.  Do you like water sports?
That's cool. I've always wanted to learn how to play the pianos. Do you play?
That's a great idea. I'll have to give it a try. I love to play pool.
I agree, I think I'll just keep trying to stay fit. It's hard to stay in shape when you weigh 300 pounds.
That's a good point, I'll have to make that. Thank you for the advice. 
I like to run.  I also like to eat a lot of fruits and veggies.
Painting is a great way to express your emotions. What do you like to paint? 
I'm in high school.  I like the beach too.  Do you have any hobbies?
That's interesting. I have never done anything like that before, but I know it can be used for things like that.
I don't know. Maybe I should go to the casino.  Do you have any suggestions?
I am sorry.  I hope he is doing better now.  Do you think he was able to get back on the job?
I agree with you.  What do you believe in?  I think we should all be more educated on the subject.
I am not sure what I would choose. I think I will go with the best option. 
I would love to go to church on sundays. I love the sound of church. 
Huh, that's interesting. I've never heard of anyone with epileptic serenity before.
I love the beach.  The water is so peaceful and relaxing.  Do you like beaches?
I don't really watch much television, but I do like shows that are on HBO.  What shows do you like?
I would probably have to look in to see if I can find any. I have never had a good one before.
That's a good one! I'll have to look for it. Thanks for answering my question!
I like that, I think it's a good way to learn. What do you think? 
Do you like it there?  I've never been.  I hear it's a great city. 
That's interesting, I've never heard of anyone like that before. Are you a Christian? 
I would love to go to a good bookstore. What is your favorite book?  
What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?  I like to play video games.
I love the color yellow.  It is one of the three primary colors.  Do you like yellow?
I'm a computer programmer, what do you do? I love computers. What kind of computer do you have?
I'm sorry to hear about that, I hope you get to work soon.  Are you driving?
I'm from California, and I've never been there, but I have been to New Orleans. 
I love flowers.  They're so beautiful!  Do you have any favorite flowers?
I would say it would depend on the person you're going to burden you. Do you think that's a good choice?
I would hate it if my garden didn't have flowers. I would have to put them out.
I would like to get out and dance with my friends.  What kind of dance do you like to do?
I'm not sure I understand.  What do you mean by that?  I don't have any kids.
Do you have a house?  I live in a small apartment, but I have a truck.
I love england and the england.  I have never been to the city though.  Is it a nice place to visit?
I'm not sure how I can control my anger. It's hard when emotions get to me.
What would happen if you don't get what you want?  Do you have a job? 
That is interesting. I have never met anyone who has been in a ghost. Have you ever seen one?
I love pizza.  I like to get it from Pizza Hut.  Do you have a favorite pizza chain?
I'm not sure if I can do that. I guess I'll have to try that. 
I would have said "what is the answer to the phone" or "correcting the number of the phone".
I'm not sure if I'm good with that.  I'm more of a book worm myself.
Salad dressings are a good option. It's one of the most popular salads in the world.
I love the beach.  I like to surf.  It is so relaxing.  What do you like to do for fun?
Subway is a great choice for quick food.  Do you like subways?  I like the variety and variety.
What city are you from? I am from the United States.  I love the outdoors.
What type of things do you like to do in your spare time? I love to shop online. 
Hi! Whats your favorite thing to do in your spare time? Mine is gardening. What do you like to do?
I'm from Michigan, Michigan.  It's the capital and most populous metropolitan area in the US.
I like using paper towels. It is a convenient way to wash the dishes. I also like to make it look nice.
That's interesting. I've been trying to find a new hobby. I just don't have time.
I like to ride horses and I think they can be trained to do it.  What do you like to do for fun?
Hello. How are you? I just came back from walking the beach. It was beautiful out.
I would have done the same thing.  I don't know what I would do without toilet paper.  What do you think?
I am so sorry you feel that way. I am sure you will get it next time. 
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get it dismissed. What do you do for work?
What are some of your favorite birds? I love parrots. I love the color yellow.
I would love to plant vegetables in my garden and have a big yard.  Do you grow your own food?
How do you feel about hurricanes? I'm in Florida and we are affected by them.
I know the feeling. My kids have been playing outside all day today, and I'm bored.
I agree! I would love to see some of the competitions held in the US. What would you like to say?
The United States is the 8th most sparsely populated of the U.S. states.
That is so unfortunate. I am sorry that happened to you.  Do you know anyone who was in an accident?
I love crab cakes!  I like them with brown sauce and butter.  What's your favorite?
That's a good choice. You'll find a good one in the city that fits you. 
I agree, I love reading books. It is one of the most important educational sections in the world.
I'm sorry, that must feel really embarrassing! Have you ever been in the situation before?
That is horrible.  It is so sad that animals are so vulnerable.  What do you think of animal testing?
That's great to hear!  I'm more of a science fan myself.  What's your favorite subject in school?
I love shopping! What is your favorite place to shop? I like to shop at H&Ms. 
What do you like to do for fun? I'm a big fan of hiking and camping.
That's a great choice, I would have to agree.   Do you have a favorite subject?
I would have to say I would say Manhattan.  It's the most populous city in the United States.
Hi, I just got my wallet and it is in order. Do you have any pets?
I like Indian Football, but it's so hard to find good teams for it.
I would love to see a haunting house one day. I would be so afraid of ghosts!
I love the color orange. It was one of the first colors I saw on my neighbor's wall.
The jungle is beautiful, but I prefer the forest.  It is so peaceful. 
I like to read books in french.  What do you like to do?  I love reading about monkeys.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I'm sure it's a very hard thing to deal with.
Sea world is beautiful. I would love to go one day, but it's too scary.
Yes, the site is an ancient site that was built for the Paleolithic Era, but is still used today.
I'm not really a fan of the cold. I prefer the cooler weather. I like the rain and cooler days.
I like shopping at Sam's Club. It's a grocery chain in Canada and the U.S.
Oh, I see.  So what do you do for a living?  I am a housekeeper. 
That is interesting. What do you do for a living? I am a teacher. I work in accounting.
I love Texas. It's my favorite state to visit and see the Grand Tetons. 
I have two cats and they are very talkative and very friendly.  Do you like cats?
What did you have in mind?  Do you remember the subject?  I can't recall anything.
I'm from Miami, and have been there many times. I love the food there. 
I love shopping for shoes! I always forget so many pairs. Do you have any favorites?
I live in Michigan. What do you do for a living? I'm a lawyer. 
I love sports, especially football. I love the atmosphere and the crowd. What about you?
I like to go to the bike shops that have a large selection of motorcycles. Do you like bikes?
I like to go to the beach. What about you? What are your hobbies? 
I like the mountains too!  I like to hike in the Appalachian Nation.  Do you like hiking?
What kind of movie do you like? I love action movies, especially superhero movies. 
I've never had a headache, but I know it can be very bad. Do you have a lot of friends?
I love museums.  They have such an interesting history.  How often do you go to visit?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find a good answer. Do you have any pets?
I have never tried sushis before, but I know it's one of the most popular types of fish in the world.
I love apple trees, they're my favorite fruit.   What do you like to do for fun?
I have never had a grave in a cupboard before.  Are there any good recipes?
A bar? I've never been to a bar before. I would like to go to one though
I would love to see what it will be built on. What would you like to do with it?
That would be a great city to live in. I would love to visit one day. I've been to one in New York City.
I agree with you there. It's so hard to find a good book to help with that.
I like to go to the beach.  I usually go to a lake or river.
I would love to go to a dance club but I am afraid I would have a heart attack.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to take baths.  I like being able to wash my feet.
I love animals, I have 2 cats and a dog, what about you? What's your favorite animal?
I don't know what I would have done if I didn't have gold.  What about you?
I love movies and I like watching them with my family, what are some of your favorites?
I like to think it's nice to help others.  What is a good way to help someone?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever thought of becoming a mummy? I think it's a good choice.
I love the outdoors, but I'm terrified of heights! I'd love to go to the beach one day.
I think I'll go with the one that is in the office.  Do you have a favorite?
I love newspapers! What is your favorite newspire?  I like all of them.
I love mugs!  Do you like mug?  What are some of your favorite things?
What do you like to do for fun? I like to hang out with friends. What are some of your favorite things to do?
I love art shows.  I love to watch them with my kids.  Do you like art?
That's a good choice. What's your favorite cheese?  I love mozzarella cheese.
That's a bummer.  Did you get laid?  I've never been laid before, but I've had a few dates.
I like tennises, especially when it is a racket sport.  Do you play?
Yes! I love to read and watch movies.  What do you like to do?  I like the Harry Potter series.
I love that idea. I love to play basketball.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's interesting! Are you a fan of math? I'm not a big fan of it.
I like to think that he was just a good candidate, but he didn't do very well.
I have never been to Detroit, but I have heard great things about it.  Have you been?
What do you think of the movie "Swamplifes". I loved it! 
I would love to go to the city. I have a friend that lives in a big city.
That's a good choice. Do you have any other ideas? It might be hard to find one that fits.
I like to go to museums but I don't think I've ever been to one.
I love to drink whiskey. It is my favorite drink in the world. What's your favorite drink?
I know what you mean, it's so hard to focus on one person when you are supposed to be at work.
That's cool. I don't think I could get used to it. I love to read. 
That would be cool to visit. I have never been to a big city, but I would love to visit someday.
I'm not sure how I would respond to that.  I think I'd be okay.  Do you play any other video games?
That's cool. Do you like dogs or cats? I love dogs. I have two of them.
I am from the United States, but I live in Canada. Do you know any other countries in the world?
Do you like to cook at home or shop at a store? I love shopping at home. 
That's good to hear. I'm not sure if it's good that you are safe. 
That sounds like a good plan!  I love to eat fruit and vegetables.  How about you?
I love my purse, and I like to use it when I go out to eat. 
The forest has a lot of squirrels and they can be found on every continent except Antarctica.
I am not sure where it was located, but I do know that they are a major sports club in Michigan.
I like dogs.  I have two, and they are the best companions.  What breed do you have?
Hello, how is your day going? I'm fine, how about you? What do you like to do for fun?
I like to keep mine in my closet. It is a nice place to hide. Do you have any recommendations?
That's a good one. I like to put on my shoes first. What about you? 
That's interesting, I've never tried it before. What kind of grass? Do you grow it? 
I think I would have gone to a different race.  I think the athlete would have been more prepared for it.
I have a question. Do you have a favourite animal? I love cats. What is your favorite animal?
I love fruit! I think it is so cool that it is grown all over the world for food and medicinal uses!
I would love to go to a steakhouse but I am afraid of the heat. I love a good rib-eye though.
I am sorry to hear that.  Are you okay now?  I hope they recover quickly.
Hi, I love Canada. I am from Canada and have been there many times.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I love to travel, especially to the beach. What about you? Do you like to travel?
I agree.  I would like to own a house someday.  How about a house?
I have never owned any motorcycles.  I've always wanted to ride one.  What type of bike do you have?
I am sure that you are smart enough.  Do you have any children?  I have three and they are all in high school.
I love bread! I make it all the time. What is the best way to make it?
I like buses too, I like to ride them to work.  What is your favorite?
I love museums. I have been to many in my life. What do you like to do?
I love the ocean, I love being out in the water. It's my favorite part of the day.
What is your favorite subject? Mine is English. I learned that English is the most widely spoken language in the world.
I like the outdoors.  I like to go fishing and camping with my family.
I don't know what I'd do if someone would kill someone. I think it's justified though.
I don't think I could do it. I think I would rather have a drink or something.
What is your favorite kind of food? Mine is Indian.   Do you like Indian food?
That is scary, I would not want to be in that situation. I am not sure if he will make it out.
What is your favorite thing to do in the world? Mine is climbing!  What about you?
Do you have a favorite dentistry company?  Mine is a dental hygienist.
I like chicken too but not as much as beef.  What is your favorite kind of chicken?
Walmart is great!  I love shopping there!  What do you like to do for fun?
I do not have a television, I am too busy with work. I am a computer programmer.
That is a good point. I guess I should get up early and try to get some rest before Billy gets up.
I would love to see a cube in person one day!  What do you like to do for fun?
I agree. What do you do for work? I am a teacher. I love my job.
That is good.  I am glad you are feeling well.  What do you like to do for fun
What is your favorite food?  Mine is pizza, but I don't think anyone likes pizza.
I like the early mornings, I like that it's a little cooler at night. 
Disneyland is the best place to go to eat!  Do you have any favorite restaurants?
That's cool, I love Irish bars. What do you like to do for fun? 
I love to travel.  I have always wanted to see the world.  How about you?
I think it's a good time to sit and listen to music. What is your favorite type of music?
I'm not sure if it's a good thing, but I do know that exercise can help lose weight.
I like to pray and meditate.  What are you up to today?  Do you have any hobbies?
Do you like to cook? I love to cook, but I am not very good at it. 
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go for drives. I love going to the countryside.
What do you do for a living?  Do you work in an office?  I work in IT.
I like science but I am not a huge fan of labs. I prefer to work in the home.
I think it would be cool to have a skysch building.  Do you like them?
I love to put my cake in the oven.  It makes it so easy to make.
That is a good choice. I love travelling. What is your favorite state? Mine is Texas.
That sounds exciting! I like the tornadoes. What kind of trades do you do?
I am not sure which one I would choose. I know that India and Africa are bordered to the west by the Gulf of Azeroth.
What is your favorite food? Mine is chicken.  I love the chicken and rice. 
I would go straight out of the park! It would be a nice change of scenery. 
I would love to find somewhere I could afford, but I'm in the midwest. 
What do you mean?  Are you talking about robbery?  I know a friend of mine who was a robber.
I have a pet turtle, but I have never seen a tortoise turtle. Do you have any?
I love meeting new people! I have a hard time making eye contact. Do you agree? 
That is a great choice.  I would like to try this one.  What do you think?
I have 4 cats, but I don't have any cats. I have a dog though. 
I have never done it before.  I know it takes discipline to do it.  Do you like it?
What is your favorite food?  Mine is garish cheese and french fries.  Do you like to travel?
That's a good choice. Do you think the most valuable tool in a barbecue is a knife?
That sounds great.  What kind of music do you like to listen to?  I enjoy classical.
I hate headaches.  I have a bad one.  What do you like to do for fun?
I would love to see one of those! They are so pretty. What do you do for a living?
I would like to see the new Corvettte. It was introduced in 1953.
I love music.  I can't wait to see what she thinks about it.  She's my best friend.
I think the question of toilet paper was invented in the 19th century in San Francisco, California.
I have never had a nightmare.  What kind of nightmares do you have?  Do you have a lot?
That is true.  I have a lot of debt too.  What do you do for a living?
I love New Hampshire!  Have you ever been?  It's so pretty there.
What do you like to do? I am a big fan of traveling. I love to see the world.
That's a really interesting choice. Do you think there is a single continent in the world?
I love camping. I love to go with my friends and family. What do you like to do? 
I love the french word for fox. It is derived from the greeks.
I love me some cobbbl, but it is hard to find it in my area. 
I think it would be a nice place if he lived in a farm with cows and sheep.
I do not exercise much.  I prefer to work out at home.  How about you?
That is a great question!  What is your favorite food?  I love pizza.  It is so versatile.
That's nice of you to do.  It's good to help out people.  What do you do for work?
What is your favorite food to make? I love to cook and bake! Whats your favorite?
I love to eat at the local grocery shop I work at. What do you like to eat?
I love playing poker, what about you?  It's a great way to make money and make friends!
What do you do for a living? I am a programmer, I work in IT. What do your parents do?
I know that feeling. I have been there before.  I am trying to save up for a house now.
I think it's a good option to have options for what you want to do in your spare time.
I'm so sorry to hear that.  I hope you recover.  Is it a serious injury?
What do you do for a living?  I work in the library.  I'm a student.
I agree, I should take some time off to think.  Do you have any suggestions? 
I like to grow my own food. I grow my vegetables, fruits, and herbs. 
That's really interesting, I've never tried that. Do you have a favorite subject in school?
That's a good point. I'm not sure if there is any other way to get a prescription for it though.
What do you do for a living?  I work as a receptionist.  What do YOU do?
I think you are right. I think I will choose pearls. They are my favorite color.
I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure he's in the palace in London. 
I am sorry.  I know how you feel.  My dog died last month.  He was my best friend.
That's interesting! I'm sure it was a great question! Do you have a favourite store to shop at?
That's awesome!  I love driving fast!  What car do you have?  I have a Chevy Silky Terrain.
I have never been on a plane but would love to. I have always wanted to go. 
That's funny.  I have never been able to find the answer to my phone yet.  What was the phone number?
That is a good question.   What do you like to do for fun?  I love to go to concerts.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you ever been in a car accident? 
I am sorry to hear that.  I hope they are doing well for you.  How do you feel about this?
I love grilling chicken salads. I like the grill on my stove but I prefer to grill it on the stove.
I like flowers, but I don't have any right now.  Do you have a favorite flower?
That sounds like a lot of work. Do you have any pets? What do they do for fun?
What do you mean by that?  Are you talking about the rise of interest rates?  I know they are increasingly high.
I love Africa. I would like to go to South Asia and see some of the wildlife.
Oh no, I'm sorry.  Are you okay?  Are there any sports you are interested in?
I love dogs! I would get one if I could. What kind of dog do you have?
That's interesting.  Do you have a lot of money?  I don't really like money.
I would like to travel, but the distance would be a long journey.  Do you have any suggestions?
That is a good question. Do you have any children? What is your favorite food? Mine is chicken.
I have never heard of it. I will have to look into it.    Do you like to read? 
I have a recycling centre, so I try to keep it as clean as I can.
I love to travel! I have been to Europe, Asia, and South America. What about you?
I love food! I'd be making myself some fried chicken and rice. What about you?
Do you like to travel? I love to travel and see different areas of the world.  
I've never been to NZ before.  I hear it's a great place for marmots though.
I love hambugers! I like mine with lettuce, tomato, onions, onion, and bacon.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure that's not a good question. Do you have a preference?
I love the kleinex. It is so soft and soft. Do you have any favorite brand?
I would love to travel, but I have never been to a place with a lot of mountainous terrain. 
Yes, I like chess.  Do you like cheesecake?  I love it so much!
I like the trumpet and guitar. I think that's one of the most popular instruments in the world.
I love pizza. I love how versatile it can be. I could eat it every day.
I'm sure you're going to be fine.  What happened?  Are you going to do something bad?
That's a good point.  I'll try to think of that.  Do you think I'll win the fight?
Oh my goodness.  I'm not sure I could have said it better.  What's the matter?
I'm going to have a hard time getting the answers right.  Do you have any other questions to answer?
That is so cool, I love the military.  What kind of questions would you like to answer?
I like to go to a nice steakhouse on the weekends. What do you like to do?
What kind of birds do you like? I like the Rooffing birds.
I love grenades.  They are used in so many different types of games.  I have one in my family.
Hello. I am a chef. I have a lot of experience. What do you do for fun?
The Appalachian National Scenic Trail? Is that where you are from?
I'm not sure what I would have done differently, but that's what I was thinking of.
What did you have for dinner? I love to cook.  I love trying new dishes.
What are some of your favorite things to do in your spare time? I like reading. What do you like to do?
I like to play the guitar.  I also like to read books.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love mail order. I get all my groceries from there. What do you do for fun?
I agree, I like that it can be used in a wide range of materials.  I like the color black.
That is a good point. I would have thought it would be better to have more options. 
I'm not sure what you mean?  Are you referring to a lot of people who wash their hands?
Oh no! I hope you feel better! What do you like to do for fun besides exercise?
I think that's one of the most common things people do in life. I don't know what they would do if they didn't answer.
I would be a little embarrassed if I were you. I would have probably just said no.
I love Mexican food.  What is your favorite kind?  I like to make my own tortillas.
I agree! I would love to see a good hairstylist. Do you do that yourself?
What do you like to do for fun? I'm a housekeeper so I spend a lot of time in it.
What do you like to do for fun? Do you have any hobbies?  I love to go on walks.
I really like fast food. It is a fast food chain that specializes in a wide selection of fast food restaurants.
How many dogs do you have? I have two, but I'm not sure I could handle another
Yes, that is a great point.  I think I will have to do some investigating.
I like to draw, but I don't have the time to do it anymore. What do you enjoy doing?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you don't have to deal with this. It is a terrible crime.
I like to cook crab and shrimp.  I have never used a container like that.
What is the most you have ever won? I would have to guess it would be a tie.
I know. It was so hard for me to get my grade up because I studied all day.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope things get better for you.  What are some of your hobbies?
I like rice, especially brown rice.  It's one of the most popular cuisines in the world.
Vegas is a great city! The city has a lot of great restaurants and shopping centers!
I think you're probably right. I don't think I'd want to end up in prison.
I think it will work out.  I hope it works out in the end.  Do you have any kids?
That's interesting, what kind of car do you have?  Mine is a Ford Falcon
I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you had to experience something like that?  I hope you're okay.
Ballet is a type of dance that originated from the Italian Renaissance.
He lived in New York City, but I'm not sure how long he lived there.  Do you know where he was born?
That sounds like a good show. I enjoy antique shopping. What do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
I like to play basketball in the park.  It's so much fun.  What do you like to do?
I am a hair stylist. I specialize in women with long, curly hair. I have done my best to make it look good.
Hi how are you today? I'm tired too. How are you? What do you do for a living?
I think that is a good idea. What would your child be doing if it was not your child?
I have always been more into video games.  What is your favorite game?  Do you like video games?
I guess that could be a problem in a relationship, but if you don't mind me asking, what do you do for work?
How do you like your home garage? Do you have any pets? I love my small dog.
I love bowling, it's a great way to relax and unwind!  Do you like to do it?
I agree.  Do you ever feel like you're surrounded by new people?  I find it interesting.
I like to think that if you want to be a mother you have to have a lot of patience and good parenting skills.
I agree. What do you like to do for fun? I like to go hiking and bike riding.
What do you mean by stagger fights? I don't know if I've ever seen one of those.
I don't know if I agree, but I do know that he was a great person. 
I think that's a good way to look at it.  I think I would have done the same thing!
That's a good point. I'm going to have a hard time deciding which one to pick up tomorrow. 
I hate when my neighbor does that.  It's like they are always yelling at me!
I'm sure you are a great dad.  What kind of questions do you have to answer?
Kentucky is a great place to visit.  Have you ever been?  There are so many beautiful horses there.
That is a good idea, but I don't know what I would do.  I would have to find a new job.
That's awesome. I love gardening.  I have a lot of flowers in my garden. 
I think I'd like to build a bridge, it's one of the most popular ones in the world. 
That is a good question.  What is the correct one?  I have not heard of it before.
I agree.  It's a very hard question to decide between those two.  Do you prefer one side or the other?
I love squirrels!  Do you have any?  I have a dog that I adore.  I also have a cat.
I love to cook. I would love to have a storage unit to store my house. How about you?
What is your favorite dish to make?  I like a good rice dish.   
I think you are right. I'm sorry you feel that way. What do you think about divorce?
What is your favorite thing to do for fun? I like to clean and groom my hair.
I love the taste of meat.  I have no problem with pork, chicken and beef.  What do you like to eat?
That's a good question. I would have guessed that he would have a lot of money.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I know it is hard to lose your partner when your spouse is out of town.
I like science but don't like museums. They scare me. What is your favorite subject in school?
I have always been a little afraid of water, but it seems like it would be a good option.
Yes, you are right. It's because it was a screwdrive that had a sharp edge on it.
I like fishing. I'm in the Eastern United States, but I've been to Canada a few times.
I love to wash clothes, so I would have to say that's a good place to wash my clothes.
I love chocolate cake! I could eat it every single day! What do you like to eat? 
I think I would like to be able to find someone with the same interest as I do. 
I understand that. I have been in that situation before.  What do you do?  
That's interesting. Do you have a favorite drink? Mine is whiskey and lemon.
Good for you! I'm sure he was proud of you for doing it. You must have worked really hard.
I love reading about the different ways to educate the monkeys.   What do you like to do?
I think I'm going to buy a new bike. I love motorcycles. Do you have one?
I agree, it's hard to find the right car. I just got a new Chevy.
That's a good point. It's always good to know that you have your own way of putting your own money.
I love eating ice cream, but I'm trying to eat healthier. It's hard to find healthier ice cream that I like.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I have had some headaches before.  What are some of your thoughts on this?
I like champagna with lemon lime and lime sauce. I also like spicy chicken.
I would have to say a glass bottle.  I prefer glass bottles.  Do you have one?
Hi, I'm an elementary school teacher in the US and I love kids! What's your favorite kind of food?
I like to eat meat and I like the taste of fish. What about you? What do you like?
I am not sure how he did it.  I think he was a very good programmer.
That's great, what do you like to do for fun? I like meeting new people. 
I love to snorkel.  What are some of the other hobbies you enjoy?
Oh wow!  I love a good beer!  What do you like to drink?  I like whiskey.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to the city for food. 
I love bob ross.  I love all of his work.  Do you like him?
What do you do for work? Are you a teacher?  I'm a teacher.  
I'm sure that was a tough game. Do you have a favorite team? I like the Chicago Blackhawks.
I love tomatoes!  I like all sorts of cheese and lettuce on mine.
That sounds like fun. What do you do for a living? I'm an engineer at a bank.
That is so cute!  I love to play soccer.  Do you play?  I am a goalie, so I try to get out as much as I can.
I love driving.  I live near a major city, so I have access to the highways.
I love school so much.  How about you?  Are you a student?  Do you like school?
I love to travel.  It can be hard to decide which place I want to go.  Have you ever been to another country?
That is interesting.  I have never been to an airport before.  What is it like?
I like to bring cups of coffee, but I like a good dessert. What do you like?
I like hanging notes in my kitchen. What is your favorite thing to do in the world? Mine is to hang on the stove.
I'm sorry to hear that. I've never had a cat, but I've had a dog.
I would love to go to a university, but I don't think I have any time. What do you study?
I think marriage is a great choice!  I have a friend that is getting married in a church, and I cannot wait to see her!
That's a tough one.  I think I can guess what you're trying to answer.  Do you have any questions for me?
You're right. I've been trying to lose weight, but I'm just not sure where I'm supposed to go.
I know, it's so hard for me to make the right choice.  Do you have an answer?
Hi how are you today? I am just getting ready for work. I am a truck driver.
I have never done it, but I have been in a few situations where I have seen a police officer in the road.
I'm sure you're a good friend. It sounds like you've got a good group of friends. 
I prefer grocery stores because they usually have fresh fruits and vegetables. What do you think?
I am happy with my job.  I am a real estate agent.  How about you?
I agree. It is important to have a clear mind and a good balance of spending money. 
That's a good point.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I like to paint
I have a bunch of bottles in my garage, I like using them for inspiration in my projects.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are okay. Do you know what caused the accident?
I would rather be a police officer.  What about you, do you like to do for fun?
I guess I'll never kiss anyone because I have never kissed anyone. I don't think I would want to kiss a girl.
I don't think I have ever been to jail.  What did you get in trouble for? 
I know what you mean. It's a good thing you have a strong work ethic. 
How do you feel about the current President?  Do you think Trump will win?  I think he will be a great president.
That is a great idea. I will definitely do that. I think I am going to go to bed soon.
I like to read science fiction.  I also like fantasy.  Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you like to read? I love reading.  What do you like?
I agree. I am not sure if I should choose a specific one. What would you choose?
That's a good point. What do you want to do for a living? I work in an office.
That's awesome!  I love to make eye-contact eye contact!  How long have you been dating?
Hi there, how are you? I'm just hanging out with my cat and watching the rainbow galactica.
Yes, I think that's a great question. What is your favourite food? Mine is fish.
I love fruits and veggies! I'd love to have a house like that!
I like the outdoors, I like hiking. I also like to play hockey. Do you?
That's a good point!  I guess I'll stick to vegetarianism then!  Do you have any other hobbies?
I love Mexican food.  I like to cook it at home.   How about you?
I love Columbia! It's one of my favorites.   What's your favorite place in America?
I like trunk trunks. I think they make a good deal on the fuel efficiency.
I love skating but I have never done it in my life.  Do you have any hobbies?
That is a good point.  I would like to see an underground space.   
That is a good choice.  I like the old school magazines.  What are some of your favorite authors?
Michigan, Michigan? Michigan is the state capital of Michigan. I've never been.
What do you do for a living? Do you have a favorite restaurant? Mine is Chili's.
I've never been to Detroit. Is it a big city or a big one?
The fork is used for loading and loading trucks. I would think it would be the best option for that.
I like to ride bicycles, but I hate when I'm bored.  What do you like to do for fun?
I know it is a hard thing to do to eat too much, I just try to limit it.
I love animals, but I don't have any pets.  I would love to see a zoo.
I like the ocean too. What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to the beach
What do you do for fun?  Do you have any kids?  I've two. 
I have always wanted to visit Austin.  What do you like to do?  I have never been.
I like CDs.  Do you have any favorite CDs?  What's your favorite CD?
That's terrible. What happened to the music? I hope he didn't have to pay for it.
I agree, it's a good idea to stay fit, especially if you're trying to lose weight.
I love creative writing! I have a degree in creative writing. What is your favorite creative writing subject?
I agree. I love dogs. I have a pitbull and a cat. Do you have any pets?
I would probably just call the police.  I have been robbed at the casino. 
I love going to church. It is my favorite part of the week. How about you?  
I agree with that. I also like to put lotion into my tooth. What about you?
I would love to visit a viking island.  Do you have any pets?  I've never been there.
That's cool! I like to read, so I'd like to work in a library. 
I'm sure that was a pretty devastating experience.  I'm sorry to hear that.
What did you want to do? I wanted to go back to school. I was in the Air Force.
Hi how are you doing? I hope you're doing well.  What are you up to?
That sounds fun. I would love to ride a train to the beach. Do you have a favorite place?
I think it was Mount Everest.  The biggest mountain in the world.  I don't think I could do it.
I love music, what kind of music do you like?  I'm a fan of classical.
I'm not sure what it means, but I do know it's not the Atlantic, nor the Gulf of Mexico.
I agree. Reading is one of the most common activities in life. What books do you like to read?
I have a bedroom in the middle of my apartment.  I have never been able to find anything I would like.
That's a good point.  I'll have to make a list.  Thanks for the advice!
I like to go to the bar.  What do you like to do for fun?  
What is your favorite kind of ceiling? I like the rocks and the furniture.
That's cool, what do you like to do for fun? I love going to a park and playing games.
I would probably go to a cememetary museum to see if I can find one.
That's unfortunate. Have you ever been in a situation where you had a panic attack?
I love fields. I love to drive around in the countryside. Do you like countryside?
I love dancing.  What kind of music do you like?  I love ballet music.
I think I would rather go to prison than get a gun.  I have never been to one.
I like to use heels, especially when it is cold out.  What about you?  Do you like to wear heels?
Hi there. I like to go for walks on trails. I also enjoy the outdoors. What about you?
I'd put it in my wall and it would be cool to see a wall hanging vase.
I'd love to visit the USA but I'd be worried about hurricanes.  How about you?
I don't have kids, but I know a lot about it. I think I will have kids someday.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure it was a smartphone.  I hope you are able to find it.
Hi there, how are you? I am good. What is your favorite food? Mine is pizza.
I like to go on walks in the countryside when there's nothing to do in town. 
I like a good dining table, but not a huge fan of the kitchen. What do you like to do for fun?
I have never had a headache before. I have had a couple. What was it about?
I like the idea of being healthy, but I don't know if I want to be in good shape.
That's cool. I have always wanted a motorcycle but I don't know much about them.
I like the beach, but I prefer the beaches in a lake or river.
I like to read, especially when I am not working. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I would have gone to the concert if I was there.  I love concerts.  Do you like music?
That's pretty cool. How long have you worked in a power plant? I'm a mechanic.
I like to write, but I have never written a letter. How about you, do you?
I think that would be hard to figure out.  I would just try to figure it out.
That makes sense, but I don't know if I could live in a different country. How do you like your country?
That's cool. I am going to college at the University of Chicago, but I am not sure what I want to study.
That's unfortunate, but it's a shame they didn't fix it for you. What did you do?
I am sure he will get a great grade.  I am a teacher at a middle school.
I love to go to London, England.  I would love to visit the castles.  What would you recommend?
I know what you mean.  I have been there before.  It is so frustrating.  Do you have to work?
Physically I am not good at math, but I do know that it is important to understand.  Do you have a favorite subject?
Danny's museums are very interesting.  I wonder what he learned from them.  
That's awesome! I wish I could do that. I have asthma, and it's hard for me to breathe fresh air.
That is very interesting.  I would love to go to Australia and see how their wildlife lives.
I love gardening. I have a garden and I grow a lot of fruit trees.
Oh, I see. So, you have a preference for working out?  Or a preference?
I love playing golf. It's a great way to exercise. I like to play golf with a group of friends.
I love shopping at the grocery market! It's always good to have a variety of options!
I like moisty. I have a lot of moisturizers in my house.  
That is interesting.  What is the contestant's name?  I wonder if they were able to name it Garish.
I agree.  I don't think I'd ever want to be alone in a room all day.
I love red, but I'm more of a yellow kind of guy.  What's yours?
I like your style. Do you like to groom?  It is a good skill to have.
Oh, I see. That's interesting. I'm guessing it was the store you were in?
Birds are very interesting to watch, I love how they are the most widespread species in the world.
I have two cats, but they don't have a human body. What are your cats names?
I would love to go to the South Pacific. I've heard it's beautiful. 
I love ice cream!  I think that's one of my favorite foods.  What's your favorite?
I'm a lawyer in my family, I work as a paralegal at a law office.
I like fishing.  I have a lot of fishing trips in my area.  What do you like to do?
That's a good choice.  I like reading about new books and new authors.  Do you like reading?
I love roller coasters! I love that there are so many different types.  I would love to go to one someday.
I'm so sorry you had to go through that.  I hope you get to a better place soon.
That's too bad.  Do you have a favorite color?  Mine is red.  
I have a Tesl.  It is my favorite vehicle in the world.  How about you?
Japanese tea room? Like the Japanese one? I'd love to visit there someday. What kind of tea do you like?
Do you have any other hobbies that are more relaxing? I love to cook, especially at home.
I like reading the news but don't get to much.  What do you like to read?
I'm sure that was a terrible dream, and I'm sorry to hear that it was so bad.
I like movies too.  I like action and adventure movies.  What's your favorite?
I like to carry food on my long walks in the forest.  Do you like to hike? 
I love shopping at thrift stores. I find so many great items there. What do you like to do?
I love traffic, I hate it when there is a stop. What do you do for work?
I have a big collection of food. I like to keep it in a box. What's your favorite?
I would love to visit the Cave National Scotch Mountains, but I'm afraid of heights.
I would love to go camping, but I'm afraid I would get lost in a forest. 
I agree, it is so nice to have a friend to talk to.  Do you have a favorite food?
That's awesome!  What is your favorite animal?  I love the colorado mountains.
I love shoes. They can be made of so many materials like leather, fabrics, and even materials that can be worn.
I love the sound of fall asleep!  What is your favorite season?  Mine is winter.
What is the answer to the case?  I'm not sure what is the case about. 
Oh, that's no good.  What is it about?  I'm sorry to hear that.
That sounds interesting, I have never been to a fieldhouse before, I will have to check it out.
The Atlantic is the only ocean in the world that is considered a tropical region.
I love candy bars!  I love the candy that is stored at a bank!  Do you like candy?
I would love to visit a zoo.  I think it would be fun to see a turtle or a bear.
That's awesome! I love art! What type of art show do you like? Do you have a favorite?
I would be too. I'm sure I would have been embarrassed. I hope you didn't get too embarassed.
I don't know if I want to be a president. I'm not sure I could handle that.
I think I would have to be careful.  I would not want to end up in a jail.
I think that's a smart decision. What do you do for work, if you don't mind me asking?
What do you do for work?  Do you like it?  I work at a local college.
I like to listen to music. I love the sound of the piano. What about you?
I like plants, but they are not my favorite. I like vegetables more. Do you?
Hi there! What do you like to do for fun? I like to ride horses.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you find a new job. What are your options?
That would make it hard to pay for a mail order order order.  What would you do if you had it delivered?
I love to cook.  I like to try to cook at home.  Do you like to cook?
Hi, I'm sorry that you feel so lonely. Have you tried talking to her about it?
I think you should wash your hands before flushing. I do it every morning before I pee.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is wrong with your bank? Did they give you a hard time about it?
Yes I have always wanted to visit London.  I think its the most populous city in the United States
I agree. I like to read a good book. What's your favorite book? Mine is The Godfather.
That's a good point.  Do you have any suggestions for which option you would prefer?  
I love fighting.  It's fun.  I like to think I'm a good fighter.
That sounds like a good plan. I like to use that. Do you have a favorite food?
I think I would go with a smartphone. I don't know which would be the smartest.
I can see that. It's a shame he died. I hope he is in a better place now.
I love to go to the beach and look at the sand. What else do you like?
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you can find another option for your computer. Do you have any?
I love museums. I love to see the exhibit of the Louisiana museam.
That's a good point! I'll have to look into that!  Do you like to garden?
What do you think of the backpackers?   They are a group of children that use their own backpack.
I agree with you. I believe in the lord, and I'm very religious.  
I agree.  The word "evaluation" is a word that refers to a decision made by a person.
That is a good point! What do you do for a living?  I'm a teacher.
That's great, I love telephones.   What do you do for a living? 
What is it you are reading? I love books. I am currently studying to be a teacher.
Oh, I didn't know there were so many people at the party! How many people are there?
I love plants, I'm a big fan of gardeners. What do you like to do for fun?
That's interesting. What kind of music do you like? I'm more into country music, but I love all types of music.
I think I will. I'm a big fan of the Chicago Blackhawks and I love to watch them play.
I would have a boat. I love boats. I have a ferrari. 
I would have to say that is the best way to go. What is your favorite type of horse?
I would not want to go to the war but I think we need to get rid of this.
That's a good one. I'll have to do that. What's your favorite food? I love sushi, especially sashimi.
I'm not sure what to write yet. I'm still figuring out how to write it.
I love reading, I have been there a couple times.  Do you have any favorite authors?
I think it would be Star trek.  I love science fiction movies.  Have you ever watched it?
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go for walks. What are your other hobbies?
I'm not really sure, but I'm curious to know what the crab looked like. 
I like to use my phone for work. I use it for my work. What about you?
How do you feel about abortion? I'm not a big fan of it personally. I think it's pretty controversial.
I love Louisianas, it is my favorite state in the world. What about you?
The forest is so beautiful. I like nature too. I love the outdoors and hiking.
I like sitcoms. My favorite sitcom is The Biggest Loser.  What about you?
Yes, I agree. Lying is a negative thing. I am trying to learn to be more honest with myself.
That's great! I love blue! I think that's a great color for a nighttime.
I agree with you there. I think it's a shame that some people are so willing to do it.
Hockey is a team sport, so it would be hard to find a way to play. 
I've never had a problem with my weight. I just like to stay fit. What about you?
Yes, I agree.  I have a habit of washing clothes.  Do you have a preference?
I like to watch movies, especially action movies. What's your favorite movie? I love comedies.
I love the airport airport so much. I think it would be cool to visit one of them.
That is one of the most important questions in the world. Do you speak any other languages? I can speak english, spanish, and english.
I like to take vacations that are free, but I have never been to one that is free.
What is your favorite thing to do for fun? I love to play video games.   
I have been to the museums before. It is a really interesting place to visit. What do you like to do for fun?
What is your favorite game to play?  I love playing with my friends.  We play on Xbox.
I like whoops, I guess they are the only thing I can think of right now.
That's a great idea. What do you do for a living?  I'm a flight attendant.
I love maps and historical sites. I would love to see one someday. How about you?
I like hotels, but I don't think I could choose. I would rather go to a hotel.
I would have probably done the same thing, but I was so afraid I would get robbed or something.
I love cats.  I have two myself.  Do you have any pets?  Do cats get along with dogs?
I like to play basketball, but I'm not really a fan of watching movies.  How about you?
I like the outdoors.  I like going to the park and looking for wild fruit.
I love Arlington! I love that it was established in 1845 in Bavaria, Georgia.
I love the lake, especially in the fall. What's your favorite place to visit? 
That is terrible!  I hope he feels better soon.  I am so sorry to hear that.
I love to draw.  I'm a graphic designer.  Do you have a job?
I agree. I'm not a very religious person. Do you know much about modesty?
I love museums.  Do you have a favorite?  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I have a hard time deciding what I want to buy. Do you like shopping? I love shopping.
I think he is just trying to get used to his normal life. I'm sure he will be fine.
That's a good question. I think I'll have to do this. Thanks for the advice!
That sounds interesting, what's your favorite book? Mine is probably Lord of the Rings. I love fantasy books.
I love to be spontanous. What about you? Do you have any hobbies?
I'm so sorry you had to deal with that, I'm sure your hard work paid off!
Fishing is a great way to catch fish. I like to fish in my spare time. 
That's a great choice. I love costco. I like to shop there for my family.
I like a good scent, especially when I wash my skin. It cleans my hair too!
I like country music, but I'm from a rural area.  I love to hunt and fish.
Taxi is a great way to travel, especially in the summer.  Do you travel much?
That is a good question. I think I might just have to use it to clean it. 
That sounds like a good choice.  What kind of food do you like to eat?  I like to go for a walk.
I like his voice.  He's a good artist.  What do you like to sing?
Knitted, huh? I like knitting, but I don't know how to do it! 
I love to play basketball. I have played it since I was a kid. Do you play any sports?
Hi there. How are you doing today? I'm good. What are you up to? 
I like cold weather.  I'm more of a summer person.  Do you like it?
I'm sorry that happened to you. Have you thought about talking to a therapist? It may help.
I like to go for a long run.  It is a great way to get some fresh air and get out of the house.
I have always thought a lock would be a good idea in my house. What would you lock it up in?
I'm going to college at the University of Texas University. I'm a science major.
Oh wow, I didn't know there was a slaughterhouse. That's a scary place!
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue! It is the best color in the world! 
I have never been there, but it seems very interesting.  Do you know much about it?
I'm sorry to hear that, I know it is a pain, but I'm glad you found a new pair of shoes.
I think you are going to sleep. Do you think you will be able to get up early?
I agree.  I don't think I could do it if I were you.  It was a long time ago.
That's great. Do you have any pets?  I've a dog and cattle.
I like the way you put it.  I think it's a good question.  What do you like to do?
I love cupboards.  It is my favorite game to play with my family.  What do you like to do for fun?
That sounds good.  What do you like doing for fun? I like to read.  Do you?
I have never been, but I have been to England.  I know it's one of the most populated cities in England.
That's so interesting! What do you mean by cry? Are you referring to the emotion?
I would think he would go to an Episcopal church, which is one of the largest Christian denomination in the world.
I love to cook.  I love the taste of fresh fruits and veggies.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to play the piano! It is a relaxing activity for me.
I would love to talk to you but i dont have time for it right now. Do you have any suggestions?
That's awesome! I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. I'm sure you have plenty of fun.
That is interesting. What kind of books do you like to read? I like science fiction.
That sounds like a good choice.  I think that would make her want to come up with a date.
I have never been there. I would like to. I've always wanted to go to Italy though.
That sounds like a lot of hard work. Did she have to wear a helmet?  
What do you mean by that?  Do you mean that you are cling on life? 
Violins are great instruments. They were invented in the late 1700s!
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go for a jog. 
I love tornadoes! They are so scary! I think they can cause so much damage!
I like wood piles.  I have a few of them.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's great, what do you do for a living. I work in IT for a bank.
That sounds like a good choice. I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever thought of going to a doctor?
Hi, how are you doing today?  I have been studying.  Do you like music?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have a family?  My family and I have a daughter.
Hello, how are you today? What do you like to do for fun? I love shopping.
That is a good one to start.  I like ficuses because they are so easy to grow, and you can grow them in so many different ways.
That's a good point. I'll have to remember that one. Thanks for the help! 
I love trains! I would love to see the world! Do you have any hobbies?
I'm not sure I could do that. I think I'd want to be a god though.
I've never been able to fall asleep before.  I have a lot of trouble falling asleep in the first place!
I use it in the shower too.  It is one of the most common uses in the world. 
I like to write letters. I write poetry about people who are angry at their job.
I can't say I've ever had that problem.  Is it something you are passionate about?
I like singing, but I'm too shy to be singing in front of other people.
I love food! I can eat it all the time, but I try to eat healthier.
I think you're right, I think it's because I don't have to worry about it anymore.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What did you do to prevent yourself from getting injured? 
I'm sorry, but that's terrible! How many times have you been in a car accident?
What is your favorite thing to wear?  I like dresses and I like to wear leather.
Hi how are you doing?  I like playing video games.  I am a gamer.
What do you do for a living? I work at the library as a librarian. I love to read and write books.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are doing well.  What are some of the other options you can choose from?
I love a good burger! I could eat it every day! What is your favorite fast food chain?
I would have to agree.  A city hall in a building would be very nice.  I'd love to visit one day.
I'm sorry, that's a tough situation.  It's a shame that he didn't take it back.  What did James do?
That is interesting, do you believe in god?  I do not believe in the existence of a god.
I love space. I would love to visit the stars and see the stars. Do you have any suggestions?
I like sleeping on weekends because I have no responsibilities. What do you like to do for fun?
Hi there! How are you this afternoon? What is your favorite food? Mine is chicken nuggets.
The price of motorcycles can be a bit high, but they are also good for the environment.
I like the way he talks. I think he is a great speaker, but I'm not a big fan of his voice.
Hello, how are you? My friend lives in Tennessee. I'm from Louisiana.
What do you do? I like to grow my own food. I grow my vegetable and fruits and herbs.
Valve is an American computer company headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan. I wonder if you can find one there?
I would like to attend a university, but I am afraid I don't have the motivation. 
You're right! I was thinking of getting married, but I'm afraid of commitment. 
I would love to visit the cemeterary, especially the museums in the park.
I'm a bartender at a bar.  We specialize in beer.  How about you?
I would have thought that it would have been a city. I would love to visit the city one day.
I like the idea of a large number of different types of human beings. What about you?
What are some of your favorite whiskeys?  Mine is James Stewart.  He's my favorite.
I think I will take a rest before I go to bed. I need to find a good balance.
I do enjoy cake. It is one of the most popular foods in the world.  What is your favorite cake to eat?
What do you like to do? I am an avid watcher. Do you have any hobbies?
That's not good. What kind of food do you like to fly? I love food, especially fish.
That sounds like fun! I like to go to the lake.  Do you have a favorite aquatic animal?
That's a great way to answer a tough question. I'm sure he appreciates it. 
That is great.  I would love to go to a repair shop to get my car fixed!
I think it's good to have disciplines in your life. Do you have any hobbies?
I like red too, but not blue.  I like the color yellow more.  Do you like any other colors?
Farts are funny. I like them. I have had a couple of them in my life.
Good to know you are doing well.  I'm glad you are having a good day.  What are you up to?
That's a good point.  Are you a fan of any sports?  I love basketball.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're not too affected by your fever and pain.
I would like to see a mammal with a heart. What is your favorite animal? 
That sounds like a fun time. I would like to visit museums. How about you?
Yes, I can see that.  It's always a good thing to be productive and creative.
What are your hobbies? I like to go for walks on the beach with my friends.
I like watching movies with my friends. We watch a lot of horror movies.  Do you?
How do you feel about the fires in the summer?  Do you like to cook? 
That is a terrible question.  I would never do that.  Do you think he is?
I agree, I think we can make the right choice.  What do you think of the Clinton Clinton Clinton presidency?
I like shopping for groceries.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like video games.  I like playing them while my son plays them.  What kind of food do you like?
I have never had any problems breathing.  I am sure it would be hard for me to do.
I agree. I don't understand what you're saying. What do you do for a living?
That is a good point.  I guess I could use some more ideas for what to do.
What grade do you teach?  I'm a math major.  I know I did well in my class.
I am sorry to hear that.  What did you end up doing?  I am sure you are doing better now.
I love to use knobs and sound. I have one that has a hollow body.
I love fruits and veggies. I like to make them in the summer when it gets colder.
Yes. It can be very painful.  The most common cause is breast cancer.  What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?
Opera, I like opera, but it's hard to find good opera.  What's your favorite?
That is awesome.  I wish I could have done that but I am not very good at math.  Do you have any other goals?
Pizza is my favorite!  I like to make it at home and put it in the oven.
I think that's a good question. I think I will have to do that. Thank you for the help!
I've never had it, but I know it's a serious disorder. I've seen it in a few people, but never experienced it.
I like watching tv, but I don't have a tv, I'm too busy with work.
That sounds like a good choice for a fountain to visit. I like to go to the beach
The team with the most points wins.  What do you do?  I love to watch them play.
I think I am going to make a choice. I don't know how I could resist. What do you think?
I would have to say a hospital would be the best choice for a doctor's work. Do you like your job?
I love the casino game, I love all types of games. What do you like to play?
What city is that in? I've never heard of it. I've always wanted to visit a cementary.
San diego is a great city. I love the beach and the water. I would love to go back to Mexico.
I would love to have a local grocery store where I could buy fresh fruits and vegetables.
I'm not sure I would want to starve, but I know that food is very important for a healthy life.
That's a great thing of you. I don't think I have ever donated to charities.
Oh wow, that's interesting. What is your favorite kind of medicine to work on? 
I would say a clean kitchen would be a good place to start.  Do you have a clean house?
That is interesting. I would love to work in a department store someday. What do you do for a living?
Pills can be used to treat some diseases.  Do you have a preference for them?
I love water parks!  Do you have a favorite water park?  I love all kinds.
What kind of lawn mower is it? Do you know the owner? Or is it your neighbor's?
I like seafoo, I like how it can be prepared with vegetables, fruits and meats.
I like Atlantic Ocean. It's so peaceful and relaxing. Do you? 
I have had a few times, but I have never had alcohol in my life.  I don't think I will ever do it again.
Oh I love cooking, but I'm not great at it. What is your favorite?  
I like playing the piano.  Do you play?  What do you like to play?
I would like to know what I would do to store salts in my kitchen.  I have a lot of questions.
That is a good choice.  I would love to serve in the army.  What is your favorite?
New York is a great city for pizza. I have visited there a few times.  
That's a good point! I would have probably done the same thing.  Do you have a favorite subject in school?
I agree with you there. What is your favorite TV show? I love the Office. 
I'm sure it would be a good thing to be able to make a positive impact on our society, even if it's a negative one.
I love to shop at the store. It's so convenient. What do you like to buy?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon.   Are you married?
I love music! I listen to all kinds, from classical to jazz. What kind of music do you like?
What is your favorite thing to do in your free time? I like to go to the beach.
What do you think of the potential of human immunity? I think it's a great idea!
How do you feel about this teacher? I am not sure how I would react if she said she wasn't average.
I love to hike! I love the outdoors!  I love camping, hiking and hiking. 
I love halloween. I love the decorations and the scary stories. Do you like to decorate?
What city are you in?  I live in Michigan.  What do you do for a living?
What do you do for a living? I work for a bank. I'm a banker.
I love fast food. What's your favorite fast food chain? I love Chick Filipino.
I agree, I hate when people are so cruel.  I would hate to see that happen to anyone.
That's a good one! I love airplane trips.  Do you have any?
That's a great choice, I think I'll have to choose between the rose bush and the canyon.
I like cats. I have two of them. I like them for companionship. What do you think?
Yes it is a great place to visit.  It is located in the center of the United States.
That's a good point, I think it is a good idea to be aware of your surroundings. 
Blotter is a type of computer that uses a wax colored pen.  I like it.  Do you like computers?
I agree. I have a hard time deciding which is why I love my partner so much.
Yes, I agree with you. It's a great way to make a difference to the lives of people. 
I love to boil veggies. I love how you can make so many dishes with so many different ingredients.
That's a good idea to do. It's a great way to get rid of the drunk.
I have never done laundry, but I do love to fold and fold clothes, especially when I do it.
I love chicken cooks. I like to grill them.  Do you have any favorite foods?
That's so nice.  I love gardening.  Did you have a lot of flowers there?
I love India.  I have been several times.  It's one of the largest countries in the world.
Whistle?  That's a good question.  I've never had that answer.  Do you like it?
Baseball is my favorite sport, what about you? Do you like baseball at all? 
That's a good one.   I like to think of it that way.  I'm not a big fan of the supernatural.
Yes, woodland would be a nice place to go to. I have always wanted to go.
That sounds like it would make you angry!  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to sing.
I would like to go to a cruises ship. I would love to get out and see the world.
I would have done the same.  I think it is time to have a conversation about it.
I think I'd like to put my foot under the table, I don't think I would like to get a shoe.
I agree. I have a friend who was in a hurricane. We were in a bad situation.
I love the sky, it's so beautiful.  It's a beautiful day today.  What do you do for a living?
I like going out with my friends.  What about you?  Do you have any hobbies?
I love Minnesota. It is a great state.  It is located in the southeastern region of the United States.
I like french fries. What is your favorite flavor? I like strawberry. 
Oh, I see. That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to try it out.
I have always wanted to learn, but never have the time or the money. How do you like to fly?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you feel like you can get back to school and get a job?
That's good advice, I'll try to do that. What do you do for a living?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you okay?  Do you have any other questions I can answer?
I can see it.  The government seems to be pretty conservative.  I'm glad I don't have to worry about it.
Oh, that's good, I was thinking of doing the same thing. What did you do?
I like to go to the store and pick up things that I like.  What do you do for a living Brian?
I don't really like punching people. I like to think that I'm a good person, though.
I love flowers! They're so beautiful! What do you do for a living? I'm a farm hand
I think I am a better person than you, but I am not sure what I would choose.
I think it's important to have the right question. What do you do for a living? 
I would like to visit a new place but its a long drive. What is your favorite place you want to go?
That sounds like a good idea. What is it you like to eat? I love mexican.
I love shopping there. It's the best part of the day. What kind of shopping do you like to do?
That is so scary!  What did you do?  What do you do for work? 
I think that would be a good choice.  I think it would be better if you groomed your beard.
I agree! I love food, especially breakfast. It's my favorite meal. What do you like to eat?
I think I will go with my favorite food, pizza.  I love it.  What is yours?
I love potatoes. I like them in all different shapes and sizes. Do you?
I like trunk.  I like that it is a safe place to store your home. 
That's interesting. I'm not sure I'd have been able to find it. I wonder what the crab was doing.
What is a rink like? I've never been in one. I'm more of a water sports guy.
I'm not sure but I know it's a boat that goes to the Gulf of Mexico.
Sleep is important! I need more time for my studies though. What are you up to?
I love summer!  I love to go fishing and just sit by the water.  What do you like to do?
I have a passion for film.  What do you do for a living?  What kind do you enjoy?
I'm sorry to hear that.  What happened?  Was it something he didn't like?
Yes, that sounds like a good way to relax.  I like to hang out with my friends.
I would be embarrassed too!  But I'm sure they'll forget about it.  I hope you're ok!
I like burgers but they are so greasy and fatty. I like mine with lettuce and onion.
I like to make friends.  I have friends who like to party.  How about you?
I like meat, but I don't eat it much. I do like to hunt for meat.
I like the idea of buying things online rather than going to the store.  It's much more convenient.
That's a good idea, it's good to have options. Do you have any suggestions? 
Chemistry labs are very important in science.  I would love to work in one. 
I am so sorry to hear that. I am a lawyer, what do you do? I have never been to jail.
I agree.  I have a couple of pairs of jeans that I have that fit.  What do you do for fun?
Carrots are good, but I love to eat broccoli. It is a great source of vitamin K.
I like the forest and nature. What is your favorite animal? Mine is sloth. 
That's a good point, I'll have to do that.  I'm a garbage disposal technician, what do you do for a living?
I like pools but I don't know if I can swim in one.  Do you?
Oh nice!  I love the beach, especially on the weekends.  What do you usually do there?
I'm a big fan of photography, I love all types of art. What is your favorite subject?
I agree.  We need more farmer's markets and organizations to help out.
I love the outdoor activies.  I love hiking in the mountains.  Do you hike?
That's a great question.  I'm not sure if I could choose between hotel or hotel rooms.  
I love folding up chairs!  I have a hard time decorating them because they are so hard to fold.
That sounds like a great idea. What do you do for work? I am a journalist.
That's a good idea. I'm not a fan of boiling water. Do you like it?
That's not good. I hope he is okay now, and you can get some help. 
I love bowling. It's a great workout and a great social event. What do you do?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope he's ok!  I'm sure there's plenty of options for you to choose from.
Fish markets? I have never heard of it. Is it a chain or a chain?
I like to get my hair done at a local salon. It's nice to relax and not have to wear a lotion.
I like to shop for jeans at thrift stores because I love to find good finds. How about you?
I think I would go to a forest.  I think it would be nice to have a big forest in my back yard.
I like singing, but I'm not very good. I like to sing in the shower though.
That sounds terrible! I am sorry to hear that!  Do you have to deal with it?
How are you doing today? Are you having a good day? Are there any fun plans for today?
Chess shops are great for people who love to play chess.  I have never been to one.  What is your favorite?
That is a good choice for school! Do you have any other favorite bands? I love the Beatles.
I agree with you.  I think it would have been better if Steve was the winner.  He would be able to win.
I am a big fan of exercise. I like to go for a walk in the park after a workout.
I am sorry to hear that you are feeling that way.  I hope you can find a new job soon.
Hi there, how are you today? Do you like any hobbies? I love swimming.
That's a good idea, I'll make sure to do that. What is your favorite food?
Oh cool. I work at a craft store as a cashier. What do you do? 
I love to read, and I love horror stories. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I have been to a church that has a large congregation of people, but I have never been to one.
That is interesting.  I have never been to a countryside.  Is that your favorite?
I love ghosts, but I'm not sure I could be a supernatural ghost! 
I can relate to that. I have been there. I don't think I have ever felt like that before.
I agree, the word mamoth means "little armoured one" in Spanish.
That's good. I was hoping for the best, but they didn't give me the answers I wanted.
What is a "antidote"? I have never heard of it. What is it? 
I love going to the amusements park!  I would love to visit all over the world.
I can see why you would want to go to jail.  It's not good for your soul. 
That's a good point! I think I'll have to make some more choices. What do you do for a living?
salad is good. I love salad. I also love tomatoes. What about you?
Hello, how are you doing? I am doing very well, thank you for the chat. 
That sounds like it could happen.  I am a very shy person so it is hard to make eye contact with people.
That's a good idea. I think I'll do that tomorrow.  Do you have any suggestions?
Yes I agree. Do you have any other hobbies? I like to go for walks in the park.
I would love to go to a nice hotel but I don't want to go with a hotel or a hotel.
I have never been to a coffee shop that has a specialty menu item. I will have to check it out.
I agree, it's important to have options.  I don't think it would be easy to find someone with no respect for others.
That is great.  What is the correct choice?  I like to think I did well.
I agree.  I love challenging things like that but I'm not good at them.  What is your favorite game to play?
I think that's a good idea. I'll have to do that! Thank you.  
I think I'm going to have a hard time decorating my mail.  I think it's too much work.
I would love to go to Canada one day. I hear it's beautiful there.   
That's good advice, I will make more money doing that.  What do you do for a living?
I think it would be fun to play an instrument that has a hollow wooden body. What would that be?
I have a cupboard in my house. It is a large storage unit.  Do you have one?
That's a good choice.  I think I like a good beam.  Do you like beam?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to your boss about it? Maybe they can help you out?
Jungle is a great place to find marmots. They are native to the Americas but are native in Asia.
I think that's a great way to look at it. I'm sure you're right. 
I don't think it's a waste. I'm sure he was just happy you were able to help him out with the money.
I have a job, and I have never used brushes before.  Do you use a brush?
I love France. I would have to say the Eiffel Tower. What about you?
I like to keep a wallet with my cellphone.  I also use it as a wallet.
What's your favorite book? I like to read. I like the classics like "The Godfather".
I'm sorry to hear that, but I can understand that. Do you have any kids? I've got two myself.
Yes I know what you mean, it's crazy to think about how far we have come in our history
I love eating out.  What do you like to eat?.  I am a big fan of Mexican food.
I love chairs, but I prefer a desktop.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
How are you doing tonight? I am just sitting here listening to my favorite band, Nirvana.
Hi there!  I love trees.  They are my favorite fruit.  How about you?
I think it would be cool to see a space exploration like that. Do you think we could see a man in the future?
That's a good idea, especially in the summer months. I'm thinking of installing an exterminator inside my garden.
I like fast food but I prefer homemade stuff. What is your favorite fast food place?
How do you feel about this topic?  I am a big fan of Opera.  What about you?
That's interesting, what do you do for a living? I'm an engineer.   
I have a large collection of old books.  I also have a lot of old furniture.
I think I'll take a nap first, but I don't want to get too hot. 
I agree with you. It's not a good thing that people will get angry at other people for their own reasons. 
What type of pot is it?  I like to grow my own vegetables.   
That's awesome! I'm glad you have a positive outlook on things. What's your favorite thing to do?
I think I will start with a safe way to start a fire.  What do you think?
Yes, it is.  It is also the largest city in the United States.  I have been to many of them.
I love the outdoors so I like to go to the park and see the animals. 
I agree. I love cooking but I do not have the time to do it. I am a waitress.
I like the idea of a fire, but I don't want to be in a firehouse burning. I would rather be outside.
Georgia is a great place to drive!  It's the only state that borders the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico.
I love waterfalls. I like to go to lake or river nearby to get some fresh air!
That is interesting.   I have never had one of those.  What is the answer?
That's a good one!  I'm glad he was inspired to create his own life.
I love vegetables, especially potatoes. I love to eat them in souvenirs.
I like photography, I love taking pictures of theater. It's my favorite subject in school.
I love books.  I read a lot of Stephen King.  What is your favorite book?
I am sorry to hear that. I hope that it is not too hard to find someone. I am here for you.
I love hambmburgers.  I like mine grilled on a bison burger or cheeseburger.  What about you?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have any other options for the time you're supposed to work from home?
I like dancing too.  I like theatrical performances.  What kind of dance do you do?
I think it is a good idea to have a healthy lifestyle.  Do you think it's worth it?
That's great, I'm glad to hear you got that feeling! What did you do? 
I think you're right. I've always had a hard time deciding between the two. 
I love cats but I don't have any.  I do like dogs though.  Do you have any pets?
Yes, that's good advice.  I like watching tv too.  Do you have a favorite show?
What are some of the options to get paid?  Do you like to cook?  I do!
How did you get the pitch pitch pitch? Was it a pitcher? Did you throw the ball?
That sounds like a good idea, thanks for the tip. Do you have anything in mind for me to ask?
That's cool. I would love to visit a hospital one day. What kind of hospital do you work at?
Choir is a type of singing that is performed in a group of singers.
Hi how are you tonight? I am well, thank you for your help! How is your weekend going?
I think I've heard of that. I know it's a type of string quaret.
I like thrift stores, they have so much great stuff.  Do you shop there a lot?
I like the backpack store, especially for camping trips. I love to take long walks in the mountains.
I love meeting new people. I have a few friends.  What do you like to do for recreation?
That sounds pretty cool. I love visiting museums. Have you visited any? 
I like the night sky. It is beautiful. I like to go out and look at the stars.
I have a big closet, I love it.  I have lots of closet space. 
I would like to visit Canada one day. I have never been there. I hear it is very nice.
Hi, I'm a police officer, and we have a lot of traffic around here. What do you do?
How is the weather where you are? I am in the north. It is getting cold here.
I love fairness.  I have always loved fairy tales.  What is your favorite thing to eat?
I like to go canoeing on lakes. What about you? Do you have a boat?
I love seafood so much, I love all types of fish. What do you like to eat?
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to think about that. Thank you.  
I would have loved to see his farm, but I'm not sure I could handle the dust.
I like to play golf, I would probably kick it on a grass field. What is your favorite?
That's a good way to look at it.  I think I'm pretty good at it too!
That sounds like a good choice. I think I will have to make sure to pick the right one for the case.
I think you're right. The hospital I work at is in an emergency room. It's a busy hospital.
I think the government wants to fight for more money, but I do not know if they want to fight.
I'd love to go to the Grand Canyon but it is too scary for me to climb.
I agree. I have never been in a secret. I am not sure I could do that.
I love yellow flowers, but I like orange too.  Do you have a favourite flower?
I love to go to concerts. The only thing I don't do is go to the movies.
That's great!  I'm glad you are feeling better.  What do you think made you feel that way about praying?
I would love to have a place to play hockey.  Do you play any sports in your spare time?
I am so sorry to hear that.  I am sure it was very hard to lose your loved ones.
Do you like milk? I love it.  It's the best source of protein in the world.
I have never been to Montreal, but I would love to! I heard it's one of the most populated cities in Canada.
Oh wow, you must be very smart.  Did you ever ask them what ball it was?
What do you do for a living? I work at a pizza place. It's a pizza company.
I love going to the park! I love all the nature and scenery there! What is your favorite place you visit?
What kind of hotel is it? I like hotels but I've never been to a hotel!
It's interesting that it was nominated for six Academy Awards in 2009, but I don't think it deserved it.
I would love to go on Surfing but it's so hard to find time for it.
That is a good point, it is a great idea, thank you!  What kind of package was it?
I would put it in a pie or cake.  What about you?  What kind of cake is it?
Chess is a lot of fun.  I play it a lot.  How about you?
I love music!  I love all kinds of music.  Do you like classical music?
I love to relax.  It helps me unwind.  Do you have any hobbies?
I would have to say a lake, I think it would be the easiest place to find it
I like the city food too. It is very popular. I live in Brooklyn.
I don't think I have ever fallen down. I've been in a car accident and had to get my own car.
I like knives, but I don't think I would like to be in prison.  I'd probably just have to call the police.
Yes, that is correct. I like to travel to other cities, but not the big ones.
That sounds like a good idea. I will make a list.  What is a good one?
I have never been to Michigan but I have heard its a beautiful place to live.  Do you like it there?
I agree.  I like fall.  It's the best time of the year.  Do you have any suggestions?
I'd probably go with a backpack.  I've never done anything like that before.  Do you have a backpacking backpack?
Portland is a great city!  I love visiting there.  Have you been to the downtown Portland metropolitan area?
That makes sense!  I like to cook, but I'm not very good at it.  What do you like to eat?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are able to find a new friend to compete in.
I would have a lot of questions for you if I were you. What is your favorite cuisine?
I think that is a good choice. I think I will choose the best option for my kids to understand.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go for walks in the park.
Opera!  I love the opera.  I have seen it several times.  What is your favorite?
That is a good point. I think she is going to be happy. What do you think?
I think I'll choose to do that. I don't know if it will work for me.
I like dogs! I have a dog named Frosty. What do you do for a living?
That sounds good. I like to eat. What is your favorite food? I really love food.
Oh, I like Texas air too.  I like to go fishing there.  What do you like to do for fun?
What do you do for a living? I'm a programmer. I love to learn new things.
I agree. I am a bit of a pessessional. What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?
I can understand that. I have had a lot of pain in my life, but it hasn't been as bad as it used to be.
That sounds like a great idea to me! I'll have to try that. Do you meditate often?
I love games, I like to play the piano.  What kind of games do you like?
That is a good point! I will make sure I have a list of answers I need to answer.
I would like to go to the Appalachian National Scenic Trail. 
I have been skiing since I was 5. I have a hard time falling. I am terrified of heights.
That makes me feel so good. What do you do for a living?  I work in an office.
I have never owned a dog, but I've heard they make great companions. I think they would be great pets.
I like national parks. I have been to Yellowstone National Park a few times.
Hi there. I have a question. Do you have any hobbies? I like reading. 
I know that feeling! I just got back from a rest. I feel like I have been up for hours.
I agree, that is a good point.  What do you do for a living?  I work in finance.
I like the fact it's a hotel.  I like that it is open 24/7.
That's a good idea! I would go to a department store to look at jewelry.
What kind of dog do you have?  I like dogs, but I have never owned one.
What kind of clothes do you like to buy?  I prefer to shop at American Eagle
I'm sorry you had to experience that.  Have you tried using an appetizer?
Hello how are you today? I'm fine. Do you have a favorite color? Mine is yellow.
I don't think I'm selfish. I just don't want to have to deal with the fact I was born two-way.
What do you mean? I'm not sure what you mean.  I don't understand. 
Military bases are cool.  I like how they have a variety of services.  What do you like to do for fun?
That is great.  I live in a big city and have never been in an apartment building.
Thanks, I'll do that. I'm trying to figure out what to eat for supper.
What's your favorite kind of cake?  I really like cheesecake and chocolate cake.
What are you reading right now?  I'm reading The Hitchhikers guide right now.
What do you mean loft? Is it like a bath or a bath? Do you have a bathtube?
What is your favorite food?  I like all kinds of food.   My favorite is fried chicken.
I love to exercise, but I don't have the time anymore.  Do you exercise often?
That's a great idea! I'll have to make sure I get that in my next meeting!
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. I love blue.  I also have two kids.
I love stadiums, but I don't think I could get into any of them in my apartment.  Do you?
I agree. He was a great man though. I wish he didn't have to face the consequences.
I love shopping online, it's my favorite thing to do.  What do you like to shop at?
I'm an atheist, but I don't know if I believe in any kind of god. 
Oh yes. I like meat too. But I don't like seafood. What do you like to do for fun?
I would like to be able to have a son.  I don't know if I could give up having twins.
Oh, I see. I have never been to North America. What part of North America is it?
I love dragons.  I love how they have been around since the Middle Ages.
Hello, how is your day going? I'm just sitting here listening to my favorite band The Beatles.
What is your favorite place in the world? I like to go to the beach. I love it there.
Oh I didn't know that cookies could be found in so many different areas. Do you?
I love diamonds but I don't wear them often. What is your favorite?   
I'm sorry to hear that. What did you have for lunch?  I hope you're okay.
I like to go to the bathroom and look at the lights. It's so relaxing. 
I have a hard time with my kids. I don't think I could sit in them all day.
I like to clean, but it can be tiring. What do YOU like to do? 
I love taxi. I have driven a taxi before and it's a pleasure! How about you?
That's too bad. I think it's best to just pick the best option for a good team.
I guess you could say I'm a bit of an introvert. I don't drink.
I love meditation. It's therapeutic to me and my family. Do you meditate?
I agree. I think the hardest part about winning is knowing you can make a difference in the outcome.
What are some of your favorite sports teams? Mine is American football. I'm a huge fan!
I agree that exercise is a great way to stay fit. What do you do for fun? I like playing basketball.
What is an Office supply store? Is it a hardware store or a storefront? 
I agree, there is a lot to learn from it. Do you have any favorites? 
I love food. What is your favorite food? I love baked eggs, especially for breakfast.
Oh, I see. I was just wondering, if it's possible to get it repaired.
What do you do for a living? I work as a cashier at a grocery store, but I'd rather play video games.
I like to read.  What is your favorite book?  I like the Bible. 
I'm going to study for an exam tomorrow. I'm really nervous. I hope I do well.
I love that! I have always found humor to be the best medicine in the world. 
That's a good choice! I agree, it is a very fun time of year for sure.
That's a shame. I'm sorry you had to go through that. What happened? I hope everything is ok.
I love flowers! I like to look at all the different colors and the aroma of the flowers. Do you like flowers?
I think I will try to get him to return it, but I'm scared he might destroy it.
I think I'll just stop driving. I don't know if that's a good idea or not.
That's interesting. I'm not sure I could handle babies. They're too much work. 
That is a good choice. I have never been to a mall, but it seems like a good one.
I'm not sure, but I think I'd rather be safe, since I don't know what could happen to me.
I love cats, they're the most loving and loyal companions. Do you have any?
I know what you mean.  I hate when it gets too late.  Especially when you're trying to find a good parking spot.
What do you do for a living? I'm a waitress. What do your parents do?
That's a good point. I'll have to check that out.  Do you play any instruments?
I agree.  What is your favorite game to play?  I like poker.  Do you play any other games?
I agree, Sally is pretty ugly, but I don't think she's the best. I think that's why I like her.
Oh no! That's terrible. Do you have any advice for me to get back to drinking?
I love watching the show "Battlestar Galactica" but I don't like the fact that the show is ending.
I would love to go to san fransisco. I love all the wildlife. 
I love to talk to people, especially when it comes to shopping.  I love shopping for clothes.
I would love to visit museums.  I have never been to any.  Is it worth a visit?
I love coffee!  I love it with milk and cream.  What do you do for fun?
That's interesting. What do you like to eat? I like cheeseburgers, french fries, etc
Oh no! I'm sorry. I hope you are alright, and I hope it doesn't hurt your feelings.
I love going to night clubs!  I like to dance to the music and dance to it. 
Yes, I do. What do you do for a living? I'm in IT. I work in a call center.
That's cool, I like to go fishing in my spare time.  Do you have any hobbies?
That sounds like a good idea, thank you! I'll try that! What kind of music do you like to play?
I love painting.  I have some of my paintings in my living room.  How about you?
I like to watch televisions. What is your favorite show? I like the ones on Hulu. 
I have never been to a theme park before. Is there any fun activities that you would like to do there?
I like ice cream, especially when it was cooked with fruit.  What is your favorite flavor?
Good for you!  I'm glad you're having a good day!  What do you like to do for fun?
I agree, I like taking long vigorous walks on the beach and relaxing
I love Buffalo!  I love the rugby style.  What's your favorite color?
I love food. I eat a lot of it. I love to cook, especially at home.
I love chicken eggs, but I have never heard of a grocery shop with them! I'll have to look into it.
What type of food do you like?  I like Asian cuisine.  Do you have any favorites?
I would have to say Africa, I love Africa. But Australia is a great place to start.
I like to use a lot of heat to heat my fires. What do you do for a living?
That's great to know, I hope it goes well!  Do you have any pets?
That would be a good idea. I think I will do that. Thank you for the advice! 
I think I would have a panic attack.  I would be terrified.  Are you a cop?
I have never used a chair but I would love to.  I have heard they are used by more than 2 billion people.
That would be a great idea. I like to have a sense of humor. What is your favorite thing to do?
Oh I love babies.  I have two myself and they are so cute.  What is your favorite flower?
I like to go out for a ride on the weekends.  I like the outdoors too.
I would love to see it, but I'm afraid of heights. How tall are you?
I am a music teacher. I have played the drums in a band. Do you play an instrument?
I like tomatoes and I think they can be grown in many different shapes and sizes
What are your favorite things to do?  I like to go to the beach, especially in the winter.
I would say that's a very good choice. I'm sure you'll find a better one!
I like cats and dogs, so I guess I am a cat person.  What do you like?
I like that, too!  What do you like to do for fun?  I love to play with Lego.
I like to listen to classical music on my commute to work. Do you like it?
Short showers are good for you! I like to shower after a long day at work.
That is a great choice!  I love being in the water!  It is so peaceful and soothing.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you think there's a way to help the poor?
I like the idea of a farm.  I like to think it would be a nice place to live for cows, sheep, etc.
The stadium is in Brooklyn, New York.  I would have to guess it would be the stadium.
Pizza is my favorite! I love all the different toppings. Do you like onions?
Musical instruments, like the violin, are the most valuable instruments in the world.
I would have to agree with that.  I think that's the best way to go.  What's your major?
I love theatre.  I think that is my favorite type of theatrical performance. 
I love tv. I like the simplicity of the shows. What is your favorite show to watch?
Hello. How are you doing tonight?  Have you ever been to a movie theatre?
I think I will try to do it as fast as I can. Do you like to cook?
That is a good question.   How did you find out that it was a question for you?
I love the outdoors. I like to go for walks on trails. What about you?
I'm a big fan of the movie "Canning Hall of Four". Have you seen it?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you okay?  I'm sure you'll get another chance.
I'm sorry you feel that way. I hope you feel better. I've got a feeling you will feel better in the future.
That's a good one. It's a great way to get around. Do you prefer a bicycle or motorcycle?
I like the monarchies, especially the queenship, Queen Elizabeth.
That is a great idea. Do you have a favorite planet? Mine is the Sun. What is yours?
That sounds really frustrating. I hate that it happens so often.  Do you have plans for this afternoon?
Yes, it is. I am a bit worried. I think I will try to stay calm.
How are you doing today? I'm having a good day. I hope you are having a wonderful time.
I love dashboards. It's a type of motorized computer. Do you like them?
That sounds great! I'll have to give that a try! Thanks for the advice!  
That's interesting! I have never been to a pub. What is your favorite drink to drink?
I would love to live in London, England.  I think it's one of the most populous cities in the world.
I love meat, I'm a meat and potatoes kind of guy. I also like beef
I like to read fiction. I like the story, the characters and the way they portray the events.
Hi! I live near the Appalachian National Scenic Trail. I'd love to see one.
I think I would like to buy a house.  I have been thinking about a house in a rural area.
I like a good bed and couch, but I prefer a bed.  How about you?
Oh, I didn't realize there were so many sequels!  How do they compare to the original?
Oh no. That is so unfortunate.  What happened?  Did you lose all your money?
I think a river would be nice, but I don't think I'd want to get too scared.
I love music!  I play the sax in a band.  Do you like music?
What do you do for work?  Do you work in the hospital?  I am a nurse.
Oh that's interesting. Do you have a favorite kind of ice cream? Mine is strawberry!
Japan has such a great culture.  I would love to visit one day.  What do you like to do?
I would love to visit New York City. I hear it's the world's most populous metropolitan area.
What do you like to do for fun? I love gardening! It's relaxing to be able to grow your own food.
That's a bummer! I guess I'll have to wait a while to get it fixed.
I have a lot of pain in my knee, I have never been able to get it removed.
I have a Chevrolet Volt. It is a light-duty truck manufactured by General Motors.
That would be scary. I'm sure you'll be okay though and I'm glad you are okay.
What a coincidence. I was just reading my newspapers. It was a big one.
What type of work do you do?  I am a night owl myself.  I love getting up early.
I think I would like to visit the museums. I think it would be a nice change of scenery.
Hi, I'm from Chicago.  I live in Las Vegas.  What about you?
I agree that's one of my favorite things to do.  It's a great time to get away from the darkness.
I love reading books.  I have a collection of books from the library.  What's your favorite book?
I think you're right about that.  I think I'm going to do this.  What are your thoughts on it?
Hi! I like to draw, but I'm more of a painter. Do you have any hobbies?
I agree with you on that one. I would rather hire a cleaner than hire a maids.
That's a good idea. I think I'll have to try that.  Thanks for the tip!
I think it would be nice to have a new home.  Do you have any suggestions? 
That's great!  I love to go to church.  What church do you belong to?
I love baseball! What is your favorite team? I love the Red Sox. What is yours?
I love working. I'm a night owl myself so I tend to stay up until very late.
I like weddings.  I like to bring the guests together.  Do you have a wedding?
I think it depends on the church.  Do you go to church?  I go to the church a few times a week.
What is editing? Is it a computer program? I don't understand. Do you like computers?
That's a tough one, I'm sure. I think I would have gone for the best.
I think I would have been more upset if I had found out. I would feel like I was cheating on her.
I like to go for long walks on the beach.  It is so relaxing.
I love crab. I make crab and shrimp and lobster.  What about you?
I am not sure what the word "collo" was, but it seems like it is a word for a word.
I would have thought he would be in the ocean, but he was just in an airplane traveling.
That's a shame. I hope you don't let this get you down too much. I'm sorry that happened.
I have never done that, but I know it's an option for catching small prey in the wild.
I love dogs!  I have two myself.  How about you?  Do you like cats?
Yes, I know. The best thing is that washing your hands can prevent skin infections.
I love garden roses! I have a couple of them in my garden. What do you do for work?
I have always wanted to buy a garage for my house. Do you like garage space?
I like burgers. I also love to cook. It's one of the most popular meals in the world.
That's awesome! I've never been on a roller coasters. I'd love to though.
Hi, do you like football? I love football and I'm a fan of all kinds of football.
I love museums, especially natural ones that are preserved and preserves. 
That's a good one. Do you know that butter can be added to a bakery.
What kind of food do you like? I like pizza. It's one of my favorites.
How do you feel about the state you are in?  I am from New York, and I have never left the US.
That is a great choice for a fridge!  Do you have a preference for fried food?
That's a good choice.  I'm going to have my fingers crossed for you.  
What is your favorite movie?  I love horror movies.  What's your favorite genre?
I like opera houses.  I have been a few times.  Do you have any favorites?
I would like to go camping, but I don't know where I could choose to go.
I like to play music. What do you do for a living? I work in an office.
I love games!  What kind of games do you like?  Do you have a favorite?
I love peck.  It's a great way to make a delicious meal.  Do you have a favorite?
I'm not a huge fan of school. I prefer to go out to eat. I like to cook.
Hi, do you have any pets?  I have a dog, and he's so cute!
I like trains.  They are very interesting.   I would like to learn more about them.
I'm sure you are a great person. Do you have any hobbies? I like to play with legos.
I like to think it is a great idea to make new friends.  What are some of your hobbies?
I'm not sure if I should choose a correct answer, but I'm pretty sure it's a good one. 
I'm sorry to hear that. Emilo was a great leader of the Italian Renaissance and he had a heart attack.
That's a great idea, I'll have to try it out. I think I'll do it.
What do you think about the practice of killing a person? Do you think it will be in the near future?
Hello! I am a dental hygienist. What are your thoughts on dentistry?
I have a pen. It's a nice pen to carry around campus. What kind of pen do you use?
I would love to see some of your items!  Do you have a favorite brand?  Mine is Aerie.
I love forests!  I love being in the woods and looking through nature.  Do you like the outdoors?
I love to celebrate with my friends.  I also have a passion for gambling.  It's a great way to make money.
I can imagine. I'm sure you'll find something you enjoy. What kind of music do you like?
What do you mean by "glass of water"? Is it an important part of a restaurant?
I think it is because I'm not religious.  I don't believe in any sort of supernatural. 
That sounds really nice.  What do you do for a living?  I work for a tech company.
Hi, my name is jay. Do you have any kids? I have a daughter. 
I would love to go to a cubicle museum.  I think I will go with a hotel or apartment.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure that was a tough test.   What grade level do you teach?
That's a good point. Do you like any other types of art? I like to paint, but I am not very good.
That is a good choice.  I would like to see that movie.  What is your favorite movie?
I like watching movies, especially action movies!  Do you like movies?  What is your favorite?
A good one!  What kind of music do you play?  Do you play any instruments?
I am in North Dakota, and it is beautiful there. What do you do for a living?
I would love to see better at homework. I have been doing it all my life. 
I love to clean up after my patio. It's so relaxing. What about you?
I would have to agree with you on this. I would like to see a car crash crash.
I love the ocean, it's so calming.   I like salmon and tuna.
I think I am going to get a scan. I need to be able to see my doctor.
I love urban setting. I live near a farm in the countryside. What do you do for a living, if I may ask?
That sounds like a good idea.  I will have to try it out!  Thanks! 
That sounds like fun!  I would love to see all of the exhibits!  
I have always wanted to have a smile, but I'm not sure that's a good sign of happiness.
I like tea.  I have a passion for tea. I have been drinking it since I was a child.  What is your favorite kind?
I like potatoes.  What about you?  I like them for their texture and taste.
I love Michigan!  It's one of the few states in the US that's not in the Midwest.
That's great to hear. I hope you find it soon.  What is your favorite cake to bake?
I would love to go back to Spa. I've never been. Do you have any?
I love the ocean, it's one of my favorites. Do you like the beach?
That's awesome! I've played guitar since I was a kid, but never picked anything like that up.
That's a great question.  What is your favorite type of art?  I love sculpture
What do you mean spiritual? Are you talking about the belief that you are talking about? 
I agree.  I have a big collection of money.  Do you have any hobbies?
I like to eat well and exercise. What about you? Do you have a favorite activity? 
That's great to hear. I'm glad you were prepared for this. What did you do?
I agree, I like to run marathons.  Do you have a long distance race?
I like the idea of the space craft, but I'm afraid it would get me too high.
Cupboards are a great way to keep your kids entertained.  Do you like to bake?
The word "condo" means "country" in Spanish.  Do you know that?
I would like to purchase a disc with software installed on a CD. It is a great way to save money on CDs.
I love the outdoors. I love to ride bikes.  Do you like hiking?
That sounds like fun! What do you play? I play the drums in a local band.
What do you do for a living? Do you like to work? I am an accountant.
I love zoos!  I love seeing all the animals there. What about you?  Do you have any animals?
That is a good choice!  I have always wanted to go to a park, but I have never been to one of them.
I would like to get a job at a big corporation like yours.  What do you do for work?
I think you are right on.   What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you ever experienced any hair loss?  It's a process where you don't have to worry about baldness.
I love subways, they're so quick and convenient.  I'd love to visit a subway someday.
Yes, I agree.  The farting stinks is terrible.  I have no idea what causes it.
I hate when that happens! I hate being outside! What do you like to do for fun?
That's interesting! I didn't know that the word "black" was first recorded in the 10th century.
I love flying airplane! What about you? What do you like to do for fun?
Oh my gosh, that's an interesting one. Do you think it's a real thing?
I love gardening! It's so relaxing. I like to plant vegetables and fruits and herbs in my garden.
I have a hard time getting into bed.  I always get up before I go to bed.
I love grocery shopping. I love to shop for my own food.  Do you have any favorites?
I think you're right on that one. What do you plan on doing for your next job?
I love hopping.  I have done it in the past.  Have you ever done that?
What type of chicken do you like? I like chicken cooks, but not foose.
I'm a fan of the color pink. What's your favorite color? Mine is pink. It reminds me of summer.
I love to eat a good bbq sandwich.  What about you?  What is your favorite food?
I love the Washington state.  I love that it is the 3rd-largest state in the United States.
Vegas is a great city for shopping.  I love the food there.  What do you like to eat?
I love woodland, but I'm not much of a fan of the wild landscape there.
I love the fact that you can store it in your home. What do you like to do for fun?
I'm a nurse, and I work with patients.  Do you work in an emergency room?
I love having children. I am the youngest of four and they are all grown up. 
What did you end up choosing? I would have gone with the right choice if I had to guess.
What kind of cat is it?  I have a domestic cat and she's adorable.
I like that idea.  Do you know any good places to look for a wall with a monitor?
I'm not sure, but I do know that grass is used for many different things, like lawns, furniture, etc.
I love reading.  I read a lot of fantasy books.  How do you feel about fantasy books?
What city is that? I know there are many cities in the U.S. that have been in recycling centers.
I like that idea.  What do you do for work?  I work as a clown.
I love flowers, but they can be hard to maintain. What do you like to do for fun?
I'd have a hard time deceiving a pennie. I would probably throw it in the trash.
That's pretty crazy to think about.  How did they come up with the name of it?
Oh, I love ferrets.  I have one myself.  What about you?  Do you have any?
That's a great idea! I'd love to go to a theme park, but my office would not allow it.
I love flowers. What do you do for a living? I work in a grocery store.
Milking is a good option, I love milk!  What do you like to do for fun?
I do not think I have a favorite meal to eat, but I do like a good cup of coffee.
What do you do for a living?  I work in a garden.  I love it.
I agree.  I think it's interesting how detectives can solve crimes by their knowledge.
I like to play golf but I don't think I've ever been to the U.S.
What do you mean by empowering yourself? What is your favorite color? Mine is blue.
I see, what do you like to do for fun? I love to draw, I have a few drawings of my friends.
Hi, I have a friend that I talk to a lot. Do you know anyone like that?
I like to go to the office with my boss, but he is a lawyer.  I have a hard time decorating my office.
That's a good idea.  Do you have any suggestions on the best way to find it?
That's a good choice.  I like the red suspend bridge.  Have you ever been to one?
I love cats! I have two. They're the best. What's your cats name? 
I agree, it's very unfortunate that people can do such a thing to others. 
I'm not sure I understand.  Why is it?  Is there anything you'd like to discuss?
I think it was the war.  It was a long time ago.  What did you choose to ask?
I love red! It's one of the three primary colors in the color wheel.   Do you like red?
Swimming is a great exercise.  It's also a great workout.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I agree with you. I am not sure if I would want to do that in public though. I would have to be careful.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear about your head.  Have you ever broken your head before?
What do you mean you are turning off? I would probably go back to sleep if I were you.
I think that would be a nice way to win. I'd love to win the lottery.
I'm sorry to hear you're feeling so short.  I hope you feel better soon.  It's a shame we can't help ourselves.
I can't imagine what that must have been for you.   I'm sorry you had to experience this.
I'm so sorry to hear that.  I hope you are able to recover from it.  What did your parents do to you?
I'm not sure, but I think I will be okay.  I am not sure if I want to do it.
I love rackets.  What do you like to do for fun?  I'm an activist and I love meeting new people.
I like to buy my house in the front yard. I have a big yard and I like it.
That's a good idea. I'll have to try it. What else do you do for fun?
How do you feel about drinking water?  Do you like to drink it?  I don't drink it myself.
What are some things that you'd like to do?  Do you have a favorite food? 
Sussend bridge is one of my favorites! I like how the suspension allows it to move around.
That is interesting, I have never heard of anyone in love before. What makes you think of it?
What subject do you study?  I'm an elementary teacher.  What subject is it in?
I agree, it's important to find the right people to talk to! What do you do for a living?
I like to sit in the bathroom and read.  What do you like to do?  I work in an office.
That is a good idea. Do you know anyone who has a good doctor in the hospital? 
I think I might go to the beach for some fresh water fish.  I love fishing.
I like corn.  I like to cook it in my family.  What do you like to do?
I think you're right.  Drugs are bad for your mind.  I don't like them at all.
I am not sure if I want to go to a court. I think I might go to the hospital instead.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any suggestions?  I hope you don't have to deal with gas issues.
That sounds fun!  What is your favorite thing about space?  I love space traveling.
I agree.  I would like to get a car, but I don't know how to drive.
I'm not sure what you mean? I'm a woman and I have never had a child before.
That is a good choice. I love the pride. What do you like to do for fun?
What are you going to school for?  I am a high school teacher.  I love kids!
I love cats, especially their companionship and their ability to hunt vermin. Do you have pets?
I like to smile when I am sad. It's a good way to make me happy. 
I like to exercise. I have a hard time staying up late at night. What is your favorite exercise?
I like birds, but I don't have any. I would like to see a giant turtle, though. They scare me.
I'm sorry to hear that, I have anxiety too.  Do you have a job you are looking for?
What is a light house? I have heard of them, but have never heard of it. 
How do you feel about the war? I feel like we should be more prepared for the draft.
What is your favorite meal?  I like corn corn, potatoes, and gravy.
I like to play basketball, but it is hard to find time for it.  Do you play?
I like to think I can make a lot of money doing what I love.  What do you do?
I think it's good to be motivated. What do you like to do? I love to work out.
That's awesome!  What kind of music do you play?  I'm more into classic rock myself.
I think I'm going to vote for the win. I like to think I will win. 
I love museums! I went there last year. It was very interesting.   What do you like to do for fun?
That is so nice.  I love food.  What's your favorite thing to cook? 
I like to smell good.  I love food.  What is your favorite food?  
I love that.  It is one of the best places to find comfy beds in the world.
I have never been to Central Park.  Is it nice?  I love to see horses.
I'm from Vancouvers, Canada. I love it there. Do you live there?
I like art, it's one of my favorite things to do. Do you like it? 
That's a good point.  What was your choice?  I think I would have been the best choice.
I have a pair of shoes.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like to draw.
I would like to buy a new car.  I love new cars.  What do you like?
What is your favorite season? Summer here. I love the cooler days.   
That's interesting.  I've been meaning to get a garage for my kids, but it's hard to find space for it.
Thanks for the suggestion. I think that's what I'll do.   What do you do for a living?
I am not sure what I would do if I had to pick. What would you do if you had to choose between the two?
What did you decide to eat? I like sushi.  Do you have any favorites?
I love to use glue.  It is so easy to use it in many different ways. 
I would have thought that would be a difficult job.  Do you think he was a good teacher?
That is a great point!  What is your favorite color? Mine is red.  I love red.
I would like to go there, but I don't know if I could handle the snow. I'd be afraid of the cold.
I think that's a good choice. I don't think I could live that long. Do you?
I would love to live in a city that is more urban than city.  I would have a garden in a rural area.
Fishing is my favorite sport.  Do you have a favorite?  Mine is fishing.
Hi. How are you today? I'm well, thank you. I hope you are well.
I like meeting people.  What do you like to do?  I love to go to the beach.
I would have loved to visit South Dakota, but it's a little far. I'd love to see the mammals.
I've never been to Michigan, but I hear it's very beautiful!  Do you like it there?
That sounds like a great idea. Do they have a repair shop in the parking lot where I work?
I like cards, I have been collecting them since I was a child. What is your favorite game?
Do you like fishing? I like it a lot.  Do you have any hobbies?
I have never been to a countryside, how about you? What do you do for a living?
I love telephones.  What's your favorite type of phone?  I have the Galaxy S
Yes.  I agree that rich people are wealthier than average.  Do you have any pets?
I love science, but I have never been able to figure out a way to make sense of it.
Hi, how is your day going?  I'm fine.  Do you have any hobbies?
I'm not sure I want to change society.  What's the reason?  Are you?
Wow, that's amazing! I love music. Do you play any instruments? I play the drums.
What do you do for a living?  I work as a cashier.  Do you work?
I do not believe in any kind of religion. But I do believe in the power of the lord
I would like to be a doctor but I don't know if that is what I want to be. I like to read though.
I would love to go to a pet store. I love animals and would love a pet snake.
That's good advice. I think it would be a good idea to have a second option to save money.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to the park, it is peaceful.
That sounds like a good plan to me. I think I'm going to do that today. 
I like that.  I like to think that I have a pretty good heart.  How about you?
Hi! How are you today? I'm fine. I hope you aren't having a hard time.
I have never used a motorcycle but I know they are used on motorcycles. 
I would rather save money than spend money, so I guess I am not a good candidate for that.
What do you mean by imaginary? Are you talking about the imagination or the real person?
That sounds great.  What are some of your hobbies?  I love to go to the park with my family.
I like lemons and lemony. I also like ice cream. What about you?
I like Arborea. They have some pretty interesting things to look at. Do you like fiction?
What do you do in your spare time? I like playing with my cats, but I don't have much time for it.
That is terrible. I hope it isn't too serious.  Do you have any hobbies?
Oh no, I hope you're okay. I've had to deal with some injuries in the past and it's been tough.
I would love to visit Europe. I would like to see some of the best soccer teams in the world, like the Washington Capitals.
That sounds great, what is your favorite type of church? Mine is a Christian church.  
I think it's a good question, because it is such a hard question to narrow it into.
I would like to be a teacher.  I have a lot of friends who are teachers.  What do you do?
Beaver are native in canada but are found in the eastern hemisphere.
I like theater.   What kind of music do you like?  I like rock. 
I love sundays because I get to listen to the rainforest and watch the stars.
I like the outdoor, but I don't think I could live in the desert.
I love that idea. I think my favorite is flowers.  What is your favorite flower?
I like to go to the gym.  It is my favorite way to get out and exercise.
Yes. I love the outdoors. I like to go for long walks in my park.
That's great to know. I love my house. Do you have any pets?  
What do you like to do for fun? I love to hike in the mountains and hike the appalachian trail
Sweden is beautiful country. It's a small country in the Northern hemisphere.
I like fishing, but I am a sucker for the outdoors.  I would love to go fishing one day.
That sounds fun!  What kind of show?  I like to watch stand-up comedies.
I don't know if I could have done that. I would have done a much better question.
What kind of gun do you have? I have a collection of firearms, including a gun.
I'm thinking of getting a house in the future but I don't know what to do with it. Do you have a house?
I like the new iphone.  I love the new one.  What do you like?
I would like to get a dog but my apartment doesn't allow pets.  Do you have pets?
I love watching comedy shows, especially ones with the laughter.  What's your favorite comedy?
That's interesting. I have never been able to use an escalator. I'm not sure how they do it.
That's a good point. I guess it depends on the person's homework. I'm sure there are many different types of computer users.
I think it was an automotive accident.  I don't know what to do. 
I like to play with my dog. I love his name. I also like potatoes.
That's unfortunate, but you can't win. I would have done the same thing.
Ribs are the best! I like to grill them in the oven. What about you?
I like to grow roses in my garden, they're native to Asia and Africa.
I would have a hard time waking up early. I usually go to sleep around 5 am.
I like mountains.  I like the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
I like vintages.  What do you like to do in your spare time?  I like to go to the museums.
I have never been a fan of vinegar. What's your favorite fruit? Mine is the apple tree.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can help me out! What did you decide to do?
I love Florida. I live in Jacksonville, Florida. It's very hot and very humid.
What are some of your favourite beers? I like beer but I'm not much of a beer drinker.
That's interesting.  I'm not sure I could live in a train.  Do you have a train or car?
I'd love to go to a park, but I don't know where I'd like to park.
I like whiskey. I have not tried any other alcoholic beverages. Do you?
I love Toronto. It is the most populous city in Canada. Do you live in Canada?
I like to grow vegetables, fruits, and herbs.  What are your hobbies?
I have a hard time with tooth, so I have been trying to get used to it. Do you have a favorite food?
Hello there, how are you? My name is joseph. How are you doing? 
I agree, Sue is such a bitch! I don't like when people don't respect her at all.
Speaking of speed, I have a question. How did you feel about the recent hurricane Harvey?
How many species of lizards do you have? Are you a zebra or ginger?
I agree, I was just reading that Billy is an American singer, songwriter, and actor.
It's a tough situation to be in. It's hard to find a good meal to eat when you're not feeling well.
I agree. I usually get tired after a long day of playing sports. Do you have any hobbies?
I have never been to canada but I would love to. I heard it is beautiful there.
Rainy days are always a good thing. I love the outdoors and being outside.
I like reading, but I am not much of a reader. What are some of your favorites?
I like to listen to music on the computer.  What kind of music do you like? 
How often did you ride your bike?  I have only ever ridden on the bike. 
I would say that's a good choice, especially if you're going to stop. What else do you like?
That is an interesting question.   The word "cametary" was actually first documented in the 15th century.
I love the outdoor areas, especially trekking. What do you like to do in the summer?
Hi how are you today?  I just got back from a book club. How are you?
I'm not much of a fan of stabbing. But I'm glad you think so. 
I like to cook. I make a mean grill chicken. What about you? Do you enjoy cooking?
I think a pet shop would be a good fit for my pets, but I don't have any.
That is a good point. What do you think about people that are unable to make a good choice?
I agree.  I think I'll choose one that I like the most.  What is it called?
I love villa beans. It reminds me of the beach. Do you like beets, too?
I love reading, especially fantasy books.  Do you have a favorite?  I like the Harry Potter series.
I agree! I hate when people compete against each other. I don't know if I could do it.
The airfield is a beautiful place to visit, it is a major center for the U.S. Air Force
That sounds like a great way to save money!  Do you like fishing?  I love fishing. 
That's interesting. I've never heard of that before. Do you know what it means? 
I think that is a good one to think about.  I have always thought about the possibilities of reincarnation.
I like the sound of drums. I also like the drums, but I don't play
That's terrible.  What kind of injuries do you have?  I've never been in an accident, so I don't know much about them.
I like how he painted.  I like his style a lot.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I think it's important to have a plan and structure. Do you have kids? I have two myself
I like rock bands, what kind of music do you like?   Do you have a favorite band?
I think you're right.  He was on a wheelchair so he would not have to walk very far from his house.
I like your style, but I prefer the classic aircraft like the Ford Falcon, Aircraft, or the Lamborghini.
I love the outdoors and would love to go to the Grand Central and see all the mountains.
Tropical water is nice. I love the ocean too. I like to swim in my spare time.
Oh, so you prefer to hunt in the night, or do you do it in the day?
What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? I really enjoy shopping.   
What is your favorite type of car? Mine is a Honda Civic.  
I like to think I have a lot of options. I like action, adventure, and mystery movies.
I am sorry to hear that. Have you had to go through any traumatic events?
That's a great question. I would have to say hot dogs are the best. What about you?
The flute is a wooden string instrument that has a hollow wooden body and has a piezoelectric pickup
I think I'll just get a few more hours of sleep. I've to get up early tomorrow.
I'd love to visit Alaska one day. The only thing I'd like to see is a farm.
I'm not sure if I agree with you, but I think I have a lot of respect for the old.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I know that feeling.  Have you ever considered taking a test?
I'm sorry to hear that. I've never experienced that myself, but I know it's very hard to recover from.
I have never been to museums. I would like to though. I think it would be very interesting.
I love fast food, especially fast food. It's so quick and easy to get a burger.
That is a tough one.  What is it that you are passionate about?  I love science!
I'm not sure, but I do know that there is a lot of traffic on a busy city.
What is your favorite thing to do with your free time? I love to watch movies and play games.
I have a feeling that you are right, but I'm not sure how to do it. 
I think she was a beautyful woman.  What's your favorite color? Mine is purple.
I feel you. I have a tendency to get anxious. Do you have any children?
I'm sorry to hear that. What did you have for lunch? I like having some after work.
What do you mean by the government?  Is it a government or a government agency? 
What are you studying in school?  I've been thinking of going back to school, but I'm not sure I'm ready yet.
I love the look of the razors.  I have a hard time decorating my kitchen.
I agree!  I am a Real Estate agent and we have had some tough questions.
What is empathy? I am not sure I understand. I know its a complex interaction with the brain.
I like living in an apartment building. It feels good to have your own home. What do you like to do?
skateboarding is awesome!  I love the way the skate board looks!  What kind of skates do you like?
Good luck, I hope you get it.  It would be nice to have something to look forward to.
Yes.  I love music.  What kind of music do you like?  I am more of a pop rock person.
I like to learn, but I don't have the time.  I am always too busy working.
I'm not familiar with the magazines, I'll have to check it out.  I'm from the Midwest, where are you from?
I love potatoes, but I hate the taste.  I like them raw.  What about you?
What would you like to buy?  I would love gold, but I don't really have the time.
I like to drive my truck around.  What kind of truck do you drive?  I have a Honda Accord.
I like to read. I like the fact that it has more than 2 million books in the world.
I would have a cupboard in my home, it is my favorite thing to do with my family.
What are some of your favorites subjects in school?  I like science, math and history.
I agree, I'm not sure if I can make a choice.  I don't think I can change the subject.  What do you think?
That's interesting. I've never been outside of the country. What do you like to do?
How much do you think there would be in water?  I'm sure there is a lot of rain.
I like to use petrol, but I don't have it at the moment. What about you?
I would say South Carolina, the capital and most populous city of the state.
That sounds like a good time to get a good workout! What do you like to do for fun?
I have never been to Canada. I would love to. I've been to the United States.
Hi there I love running, especially on the beach.  What do you like to do for fun?
I'm not sure, I don't think I have ever had that problem before. But it sounds interesting.
I like to relax on the couch and read a good book before bed. It is relaxing.
I like getting gifts too but I don't get them as much as I'd like. 
Hi there. How are you doing? I hope you are well. Do you like to read or work?
Corrosion is very dangerous.  I have never had it in my life.  How is it dangerous?
I think that's a great way to go.  I would have done the same.  Did you have a chance to change the subject?
That would be a great way to get into Spanish.  I have never been, but I would love to.  Do you speak Spanish?
That's a good idea.  I'll do that.  Thanks.  How did it go?
That's a good choice of questions, I guess.  What is your favorite thing to do?
What are you studying?  I am a college student.  I study human psychology.
What do you like to eat? I love pizza!  I could go for some right now.
I know what you mean. I'm glad I didn't have to wear those shoes.  Do you like shoes?
I don't think I could watch it. How about you? Are you a fan of sports?
I like painting and sculpture.  What kind of paintings do you like?
That's too bad.  Did you get hurt?  I'm not sure if I would have gotten hurt.
I would have it on the foot, because it's so soft and easy to put on a shoe.
Yes, it is a terrible thing to have to experience.  I have been dealing with it for years and it still bothers me.
I like chests, but I think I'm going to have a hard time finding a good one.
Yes, I know the feeling. It can be very exhausting. What are you doing today?
I love pool parties!  I like to go to them when it's nice out.  What do you do for a living?
That's a good point. It's always good to have a variety of options for your choices. 
Oh, I see. I guess I will have to pick one. What is your favorite food?
That's a good question.  I would like to get a pennie.  Do you have any suggestions?
That's a good point. I think that I would burn down my house. Do you like fire?
What is the name of the prison? I love prison shows. Do you have any favorite? 
That's good to know, I think it's important to be able to choose one option. 
Swimming is good exercise, but I prefer running or cycling.  I also like swimming.  Do you swim?
That sounds like a good choice. I would have a window on my house. What do you think?
I think we have a lot in common!  I love playing games that are competitive.  How about you?
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you think happened?  I'm not sure what you meant.
That's a good idea. I think you're right. Do you have any hobbies? 
I have a hard time decorating cubicles. I think a cubical one would suit.
I think that is a great idea, but I am not sure I want to get it right.
What do you do for a living?  I'm an engineer.  I love it. 
I do not watch much TV.  I prefer to watch movies.  Do you like movies?
That is great to know.  Do you like music?  I play the piano.
I'm sorry to hear that. I think you're right. Baily was a great agent.
I like the color red and it's the color between blue and green on the color spectrum.
I have never been to India.  I would love to go though, it is so beautiful there.
What town are you from?  I live in a small town in a rural part of North Carolina.
Iowa is a great place to live.  I love being outdoors.  Do you have any pets?
I think it is a good thing to help those in need. It helps to know that there is a lot of help out families.
That is interesting.  I have not had any good conversations lately.  Do you like talking to strangers on the internet?
I can see how it would be hard to get divorced.  How did you do?
I love couch Potato. It is one of the most popular foods in the world. I love it.
That would be a good choice! I like to think that I'm a strong leader, but I'm not sure if I'm good at it.
I like to wear dresses, I like the color pink. Do you like beer?  It's my favorite drink.
I'm glad he did what he wanted to do. I wish more people would do that for others.
I would like to work in a retail store. What do you do for a living?  
I'm not sure if there is a storm, but I do know that hurricanes are devastating. 
I am sorry to hear that. Do you know anyone who has been diagnosed with lung cancer?
Hello. Do you have any hobbies? I love meeting interesting people. How about you? 
I like to search for interesting facts online. What is your favorite thing to do on the weekends?
I love the color blue, but I think I'll stick with that option.  Do you like blue?
That is a good point.  Do you like salad or dressing?  I love dressing my salads.
I have always wanted to visit Egypt. It seems like it would be a very nice place to visit.
That's a good idea, I'll have to do that! I have a hard time finding garbage in my neighbors yard.
I'm not sure if I could do that.  Do you think it will work?  What do you do?
I love breakfast, it's a good time for me to relax after a long week of work.
I like the train station. It is so convenient.  It is one of the most popular ones in the world.
I like competing.  I like to compete at the local level.  What is your favorite sport?
Yes, you are right. I would like to get a remototor and get a wireless one.
I'm not sure. I don't think I want to kiss someone. I'm too shy.
I would love to see it, but I don't think I could see it in person. I'd like to visit the National Park though.
I love to cook.  What's your favorite thing to cook?  I like to cook in my bath!
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried using a lot of gel? It helps relieve the pressure.
I'm a big fan of animals.  I love them so much.  Do you have a favorite animal?
What do you do for a living?  I work in a factory, but my job doesn't pay well.
That sounds great, I'm glad you found that you are happy. What are some of your favorite activities?
I've never been a big fan of vomit.  It's one of the worst things I have ever had.
It's interesting how many species of eagles there are.  I wonder how long it's been there?
I love America.  I love all the great things you can do there.  Do you like fast food?
What kind of things do you like to do in your spare time?  Do you have a favorite activity?
I like Atlantic Ocean because it's the Atlantic Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
I have never been to a park in a while. I would love to go one day. What is your favorite kind of fruit?
That's interesting. Do you like the ocean?   I like the salt content. 
What do you do in your spare time? I like to play with Legos. I love building Legos!
Water is one of the most important things in life. I would have to say that a rain jacket would be a good choice.
I love the color yellow, I think it's so calming to look at.  I think I'll go with yellow.
What are your hobbies?  I enjoy playing football.  I'm a big fan of college football.
I love biology! It is my favorite subject in school. I am not much of a fan of reading though.
What are some of your favorite things to watch on TV?  Mine is baseball.  I love to watch it.
I think it would be in a cupboard. I have one in my kitchen. It's a small one.
What do you do for a living? I work at an office, and I love it! 
Halloween is coming and I am excited! I love the holidays. What is your favorite holiday?
I have never been a fan of the stock market. Do you have a particular reason for that?
I am sorry you had to go through that.  I hope the car is still in the air.
I love the newspaper, it gives me the opportunity to learn more!  What do you like reading?
That's interesting, I'm not sure I would want to be in a jail. What makes you so scared?
How did it happen? Was it a sudden sudden, unexpected or something?  
I would have to say I would look at the Atlantic, because I love the ocean.
I'm glad you were able to answer my question.  I would have had to call the police.
I know it can be hard. What do you do for work?  I work in a lab.
I have a lamp in my house. I like it because I can see better in the dark.
I love blue, it's my favorite color. It reminds me of summer.  What is your favorite color?
How did your day go?  I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope it didn't make you feel too bad.
I like pancakes. I like to put maple syrup and bacon on mine.
What do you think about the fact that the ferrets have an instinctive love of water?
The goal is to shoot the ball into the opponents goal. Do you like hockey? I like it.
I agree.  There's so many ways to solve problems.  What is your favorite way?
I love the colorado wild. I live near the Appalachian National Scenic Trail
What are some of your favorite things to compete in? I like to compete against my friends. 
I love italian food, but it is hard to find a good restaurant in Italy. 
I agree, I don't think that is the right choice.  It's a tough one.
I love Michigan! It's the most populous city in the state of Michigan.
I like theatrical shows but I'm not a big fan of musicals. What about you?
I think it's better to do something you're good at then to get a good grade. 
I like to make cakes, do you? What do you like to do in your spare time?
I love indian places.  I love the food there.   What is your favorite indian restaurant?
I am a student in school. I am not sure I can answer your question. Do you like to read?
I love fresh eggs.  I have some in my fridge right now.  What do you like to eat?
Gymnasia is a great gymnastic sport. Do you have a favorite sport?
I have done this a few times, I have a hard time concentrating when I'm drunk.
I would like to learn how to play an instrument.  How about you?  What do you like?
I would like to see some of those in the world. I think it would be cool to see a footprint on a roof.
What's your favorite thing to buy?  I usually just buy groceries and stuff at the store.
That's a great question.  I'd love to get an office setup for my kids to go to school.
I think I'm going to go for a rug. I love the color blue.  
That's a great idea! I think I'll do that, thank you for the advice! I'll keep that in mind.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're doing okay.  Do you have any family?
Yes, I agree. I have a hard time staying fit because I don't have the time for it.
I like countryside, I love the outdoors.  Did you go on any rides?
I love to cook and love to learn new recipes. Do you like to cook?  
What type of work do you do? Do you have any hobbies? I like to play with my dogs and hike.
I'm sorry to hear that you had to deal with this. Have you talked to your wife about it?
Calculas are the best. I love the fact they are the basis of mathematics.
I like climbing mount everest. It's the highest mountain in the world.  Do you?
I don't know, but I'm sure it was a shock to hear that.  Do you know who did it?
Well, it's good to have goals.  I'm not sure if you can do everything you want.
That's interesting! Do you have a favorite food? Mine is candy. I love candy! 
I like to keep mine at home. I have a few friends that have their own home. 
I like warmth, I like the feeling of being outside.  Do you like to go out?
I like to think I am a good candidate for most things, but sometimes I have a hard time choosing.
I have never been to a store like that. I like to buy the best quality stuff I can buy.
Yes, I agree. The word "Saint" comes from the Latin word "saint".
I would love to go to a cafe that has a good chair for my feet. I have a hard time getting out of my chair.
That is so interesting!  I would love to be able to have kids someday but I'm not sure how I'd do it.
I'm sorry to hear about that.  Do you like to fish?  I like fishing.
That's interesting.  Do you speak in public?  I like to think about that. 
I love roller coasters! I have only been on one, but it was a great experience.
What do you do for a living? I'm an artist. What kind of music do you like?
That is a great choice.  I like eating a lot of meat.  What about you?
I would love to visit museums. I have been to many of them. What do you like to do for fun?
I would put them in my fridge.  I would also put them on my shelves.
I think you are right.  What is your favorite color?  Mine is green!  What's yours?
That's awesome.  What is your favorite color? Mine is red.  Mine is green.
I love going to supermarkets.  They are usually cheaper than most restaurants.  Do you like shopping?
I think that is a good choice.  I think it would be a good meeting with a church.
I think I'll just keep eating and not get fat. I don't think I could do it.
That is interesting, I did not know there was a valve. I will have to look into that!
I love snakes, and I love the fact that they can be trained to do so many different things.
That's interesting! Do you like to hunt? I'm a big fan of hunting and fishing.
I like the color blue. It is one of my favorite colors.   What do you like to do for fun?
I do not have a car but i have a bike that i use to commute to work.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok. I would be so upset with it.
I love summer. I like to get outside and enjoy the cooler temperatures. What about you?
I love kissing passionate people.  I have never kissed a girl before.  Do you?
I like to watch television. I like the fact that it provides entertainment. Do you like TV?
I love museums, especially historical ones.  Do you have a favorite place you visit?
That's great. I think he's smart. What do you think of James Cameron?
Hi there. How are you? Are you a fan of potato? It's my favorite food.
The water is very important.  It is the most important water in the world.   
That's a good way to get to know someone.  I'm happy to have someone like Dave!  What did you do?
That's true, it's hard when you think about the bad things that people do in church.
I'm in Michigan too, it's the third-largest state in the US. What do you do for a living?
That is great to hear. I have been to a few birthdays myself.  What do you do for a living?
I agree.  I would have to agree with you on the fact that nuclear weapons are used in a wide variety of warfare.
I would love to see one in the mountains. It would be so peaceful!  
I like countryside.  I like being able to see nature.  How about you?  Do you like to travel?
What kind of computer? I love my new computer. I just got a new computer myself. 
I love cake.  Do you?  What are some good choices for cake?  I like cake and fudge.
That's a good idea. I'll try it tomorrow. What kind of bread are you making?
I'd like to know how to solve the problem and solve the situation I have been struggling with.
I agree.  It was hard for me to get used to TV.  I used to watch a lot of sitcoms when I was younger.
Oh no, I hate allergens.  Do you have any?  I am allergic to shellfish.
I love going shopping.  I have a hard time decorating.  Do you like to shop?
I've never seen any of that, but it sounds like a nice place to watch. I'll have to check it out.
What is your favorite painting to paint?  I like painting landscapes. 
I have a condition where I wash my clothes in the shower, so I don't get wet often.
I love popcorne movies.  What about you?  Do you like any movies?
I would have to say that I would be more interested in getting a gun.  I have a firearm and I don't want to get hurt.
That's interesting, do you have a favorite type of car? Mine is an old Honda.
I would have to say California, the most populous state in the United States.  What do you think?
I love eating!  I love food and eating all types of food.  What is your favorite kind of food?
I like to think that I have done good in my life.  What do you think? 
I have been there.  I like to stay at home and relax and read.  Do you do that?
That is a good idea!  Do you have a favorite subject?  I like reading science papers.
What kind of dieting do you practice? I'm trying to lose weight and eat healthy. Do you have any goals?
I like theater, but I prefer theatrical productions. Do you like the theater experience?
I have never been on a plane before, I would like to though. I like the look of the sky.
I like to play hockey in my spare time, but I've never done anything like that. Do you have any?
That is a good point, I will have to try that.  I love playing the piano. 
I like to play computer games.  What are some of your interests?  Do you have a favorite computer game?
I think you're right. But I don't know if I should do that to someone else.
The Cubs are located in the suburban area.  Are there any other cities you want to visit?
I like to go hiking, I have been hiking for a while.  Do you have any hobbies?
Pizza is a traditional Italian dish consisting of yeasted flatbread typically topped with cheese, tomato sauce, and cheese.
That sounds like a fun time! I love the outdoors, especially in the winter. 
I am sorry to hear that. I have experienced that. Have you ever experienced something similar? 
I agree.  I have a lot of friends that make wonderful memories.  What do you do for a living? 
I like to play video games. I like tabletop ones. What do you like to do for fun?
Oh I see.  I'm not familiar with taxi drivers.  What are they like?
I would like to wait in line for longer than an hour. I hate when people are in line.
I love the sound of a good conversation.  It is so relaxing and insightful.  Do you agree with this?
That is so true. I have two kids myself and we are very close. What do you do for a living?
I'd like to go to a beach. Do you like beaches? I like the beach as well
I love cake. I like to use a lot of candles for my birthdays. Do you use any candles?
I like to travel to the countryside.  I like the country side and the outdoors.
That's great advice! I have never had any medicine, but I've heard of it.
That is very nice of you. I have heard it can be a great way to relieve stress.
I would love to visit Tanzania one day. Have you ever been?  
I am sorry to hear about that.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like to watch sports.
I would go to a museum, which is located in the city. Do you like museums?
I like beer and I like to relax by drinking it. Do you? What do you like to do?
I am not sure what you mean by that.  Are there any options for that?  
I think that is a good question. Do you have a favorite animal?  I love elephants.
That was my favorite book. What do you like to do for fun? I love to watch movies.
What fight are you referring to?  I don't think that I've ever seen a fight like that before.
I like to use my cart in my grocery store, but I usually use it in the store I work at. 
That sounds like a good choice. What are some of your favorites? I love potatoes.
I think I'm going to try that. I think it will be a good idea for me to get out and get some fresh air.
I know what you mean. I have a lot of patience. I try to be patient and wait until they are ready.
I think it was in Montana, Montana. Do you think there is a ranch nearby?
The camera was invented by a Scottish physicist. He was a photographer.
I would love to go to a pet store but I don't have any pets. What do you do for a living?
Hello, how are your day? My birthday is on the 11th anniversary of the month.
I love to travel.  It's a good way to get to see a different country.  Do you travel?
That's a tough choice. Maybe you can use some of it in a recycling center.
I agree. I think I am more of a non-believer, but I am still devout.
I agree, short is the best.  What about you?  Do you like it short?
What would you choose to do for a living? I would love to work in an office. 
I like iced coffee, especially iced teas.  I like to add hot sauce and vanilla.  What about you?
What is your favorite color? Mine is yellow. I think its because it has a calming color.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you don't lose your child.  
I agree.  I am not sure I would have made a decision to serve.  It is a shame.
I'm not a big fan of fighting.  I like to go for walks on the beach.
What would you choose if you did not have the corn syrup?    I love corn. 
That is interesting.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I like to play soccer with my friends.
I love that place. I've always wanted to go.  Do you like it?  
I am going to college in a different state to get my degree. Do you have any suggestions?
I like peaceful activities. I like being able to be alone.  What about you?
I am a big fan of desert myself, but I am not sure I could live in one.
I have a dog. He's a pitbull. I love him.  What is your dog's name?
What do you do for work? I work in an office. It can be very boring at times.
That is good advice. What do you do for a living? I am a teacher.  
I like to read, but not much of a reader. I'm more of a bookworm. I like fantasy books.
Oh no! I hope it is a good headache. Do you have any other interests? 
That's a shame. Have you ever been to the doctor? It can be dangerous if you don't have good shoes.
I'm sure that would be disappointing to catch something you didn't catch.  What is your favorite fish to catch?
Bob is an American television personality, he was on the show Jeopardy in the United States
I think we have a lot in common.  What's your favorite food?  Mine is pizza.
I agree. I think I'll go to prison soon and see if I can get away with it.
That's a tough one. I think I'd have done the same.  I'm sorry you had to go through such a hard time.
I love cars.  I have a Chevy Camaro that I love.  Do you have a car?
I like your style.  It's good to have a strong work ethic.   
Oh my gosh that's horrible.  What happened to your dog?  Did you find him?
What city are you from?  I'm in Chicago.  Where are you located? 
What is your favorite book?  I love reading.  Do you have a favorite?  What do you like to read?
That's a good idea.  It would be better to carry one of those duffels.
Hi, do you have plans for this afternoon? I am heading out for a hike.
What did he do? I would hate for him to go to jail. I hope he is not a serial killer.
I do not watch a lot of TV. I prefer reading books. What do you like? 
I love watching movies!  I like the oldies.  What do you like to watch?
That is a good point. Science can be really hard to get into. I'm not sure I could do it.
Water is the best. I love the color white. What is your favorite color? Mine is red.
I like to grow apples in my back yard.  I also like to garden in the summer.
Hi, how are you today? I'm good. How are you? I like swimming.
That is a good idea.  I think I will use this to try it.  Thanks for the tip!
I think it's a good idea to have a clear mind and focus on your goals.  It's good to have goals.
I agree with you.  I am not religious but I do believe in a good God.  What about you?
Salon is a great place to look for hair salons.  I like to go to the salon for my manicures.
Do you like going to the park?  It's a popular one in the U.S.
I love to read, I have a collection of authors.  What's your favorite book?
That's a great choice. I like to go to beaches and swim in the ocean.
I would have to agree with you on that one. What is your favorite food? Mine is fried chicken
That's a good point. I was thinking of taking a math class, but I'm afraid of math.
I like cigarettes. I don't like to burn them. I like to smoke them.
I like fishing. Do you? Do you like fish? I prefer salmon or trout.
I love feet!  I have two pairs of shoes that are identical to the two that I wear.
I love to cook, but not much of a chef. I like to cook for my family. Do you have a favorite food?
I like to buy my groceries at the store I shop at. It's cheaper than buying at home.
I think you are right. I think we need more people who have a positive attitude about themselves.
That's great! I like questions like that. Do you have a favorite political figure? Mine is Donald J. Trump.
That is great. What is your favorite plant to grow? I love all types of fruits, vegetables, and meats.
I love outdoor activities, especially on the beach. Do you have any? 
I like to eat ice cream.  I have a weakness for it.  It is one of my favorite things to do.
Oh, I see. I have never received any mail like that. I guess I will have to check it out.
That sounds interesting. Are there any other interesting facts about you?  I like learning about different areas of the world.
I love my grandma.  She was a teacher and she taught in her elementary school.  What grade did you teach?
I like to watch televisions.  What is your favorite show?  Do you have a favorite TV show?
I love the museums. I would love to visit one day. I love to see the world.
That's a good choice. I like airport airports.  Do you travel often?
That's interesting. I've never been to a spas before. Do they have good facilities?
I think I like the idea of competition. I don't know much about race cars. Do you?
I would have to agree that personal cleaniness would be important to me.  What do you think?
Oh I see. I like shopping at bookstores. I love shopping for books and furniture.
I have never been to a church before. Is it a nice place for meeting friends or family?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get a good presentation for your next presentation.
I love the gym. I go at least 3 times a week. What do you do in your spare time?
That is interesting, I have never heard of a race car. Is it a fast one? 
I have never been into trance, but I have read that it is a type of psychoanalystic phenomenon.
Pizza is a traditional Italian dish, and it's a comfort food.  What is your favorite?
I love the outdoors so I would love to have a store room to look at. 
I love kitchen. I have a huge collection of kitchen knives. I like to cook too.
I think that's what I would do, but I have trouble getting up in the morning. What about you?
I have never been to either of those states, but I know it's the 3rd most sparsely populated state.
I am sorry to hear.  I know how that is.  What do you think happened to the victims?
I'm not sure if I believe in God, but I do have some friends who are. 
Good choice. I like to go shopping at thrift stores. What is your favorite store? 
I know what you mean.  I have the same problem.  Do you have any pets?
Yes, I know what you mean. I am sorry to hear. I would have done the same.
That's great advice.  I'll have to do my research.  Do you like science?
I love to read. I have a lot of favorites. I also like science fiction.
I like to read. I like fantasy books. How about you? What do you like to do?
I have a cup of Coffee every morning, but I'm not a huge coffee drinker.  I prefer tea.
Radio is a great source of information!  What is your favorite radio format?  I love listening to music!
I'm not sure if I like sharks, but I like to swim.  Do you?
Moist is the best moist! I love moist. What do you like to do for fun?
That would be interesting. I think I would choose a street performance.  What kind of music do you like?
I like Texas, I have been to Austin, Dallas, and Houston.
Hi! How are you? I am a big gardener.  What do you like to grow?
How do you feel about that?  I don't think they will change it.   
I love the Dashboards.  What do you do for a living?  I am a computer engineer.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What do you do for a living?  Are you married or single?
I love cabinets, they are my favorite thing in the world!  Do you like to cook?
I like bowling, it can be fun and relaxing. I like to play with friends and family.
I think it would be a good idea to get a smartphone and use it to check your car.
That's awesome, what kind of music do you like?  I like rock music.  Do you like music?
I have never been, but I would like to visit. I heard it's the largest city in the US.
Disneyland is a beautiful place! It is one of the most popular theme parks in the world.
I have never been there, what do you like to do in your spare time? Do you go often?
That is interesting. I have never been to a hotel before. I like to stay at home.
I have a hard time swallowing but I have never tried.  Do you drink a lot?
I think they are good friends.   I like how they have a lot of flexibility.
I agree, it's fun to chat with a friend. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue!
I'm sorry to hear that.  Is that why you were fired, did you have a reason?
That's a good start.  I'm going to try to get out and meet new people.
I like rock music, do you have any favorite bands? I think I like The Beatles.
I have always wanted to visit a hotel, but I'm afraid of heights.  I think I'd rather stay in a hotel.
I would have to say that I would choose one of the answers I would like.  What is your choice?
That's great! I love to live in a city, but I have never been to a big city.
I would like to go to school in Chicago. I heard it's one of the most populous cities in the US.
I like to hang out in the dark, especially in the summer. It's so hot here.
Oh no. I hate when that happens. I hope you are okay.   Do you have any plans for the weekend?
I think it would be nice to put a little marker on it. I would use it to mark my children's backpacking trips.
I would like to go to the battlefield one day.  I would love to see all the historical places.
What do you think causes a person to die?  I think I would rather die than be killed.
What is your favorite store to buy toy?  Mine is the dollar tree.  I love their toys.
I think that's a great choice! I would love to go to a church, but I'm not sure I could bring my chair.
I like buying used metal objects.  It is a good way to save money.  I love the sound of the engine.
I like church too.  I like going to weddings.  It's a good way to get a lot of guests together.
Hello. I love to travel and have been to Europe, Asia, South Africa, and South America. What do you like to do?
I love office buildings.  I have a huge collection.  Do you work?  I work in IT.
I'm sure you will be fine, as long as you are not breathing underwater.
I would love to visit Montana one day. It's on my bucket list for sure!
I think I'd go to a concert. I love going to festivals. Do you have any recommendations?
I would love to be a naturalist. But I am not sure if I would be able to do it.
What country do you live in?  I'm in the United States.  I like to eat at chain restaurants.
I like museum, I love seeing the exhibit of the Louvre in Paris.
I think you are right. It is a good thing that we can learn from our mistakes. 
How are you doing today?  I'm good.  I just finished a good meal.  What are you up to?
Do you like the outdoors? I do, but I prefer the city.  What do you like to do?
I love going to the library and getting books and information.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like living in my home. I have my bedroom in my garage. I love it!
I love shopping at a department store.  I love to shop there.  Do you shop for clothes online?
I agree.  I love the fact that he can be a good friend.  How many friends do you have?
I think that's a good idea. It's always good to get to know your teacher. 
I love gardening, it's so relaxing to be out in nature, especially in the countryside.
I love spending money on things that aren't cheap.  I don't have much of a choice.
How do you feel about marriage? I'm not sure I would have gotten married. I don't have any kids.
I love competition! It's so hard for me to choose between fenced and non-contact sports, though.
Oh wow, that is terrible. Are you going to get a realtor to help you out?
Hello how are you today? Do you like to travel? I like to go for walks in the mountains.
That sounds like a good choice! I like the movie, so I think I would choose a movie theater.
That is a great choice. I would love to see the Blues Bands play in concert.
I have never been to a library, but I have been to the library at the college library. 
What are some of his most memorable things you have seen at the museum?  I've never been to one.
I think I will try that. I have a hard time waking up when I'm wet. I usually use a t-shirt.
Do you play any instruments?  I play drums.  I like the sound of a drums
I love the word Exotic, it is a word that comes from the Latin word "Esperio"
What do you think of the phone mount?  It looks like an apparatus. 
What is your favorite animal? I like cats and dogs, but I have a dog. I like all animals, but cats are my favorite.
I have always been more of a time traveler, so I tend to stay up late. I have a hard time getting up early.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok. Do you have a favorite food?
I like to look at the stars. I love looking at the clouds. Do you like to travel?
What language is it in? I've heard Greek is one of the oldest languages.
I like cliffs.  What do you like to do?  I love to ride them in the mountains.
That is a good idea.  I will do that.  Do you have a job? 
How do you feel about moisture?  I like moisturized things.  Do you?
I love watching hockey games. The best is the Olympic games. Who is your favourite team?
I know, I hate it when people mess around on their clothes and they don't wash them.
I like to garden.  I grow food in my back yard.  What do you do for work?
I love sitting down with my cat. What about you? What do you like to do? 
I like to play with dolls. What are some of your favorite things to watch?  
I like mountain biking, but not as much as biking. What is your favorite thing to do?
I do like to read, especially fantasy books.   Do you have any hobbies? 
I love country side.  It's so peaceful and quiet.  I live right outside towns.
That is great news!  I hope that you are able to find a good computer that works for you!
I am not.  I don't think I would like it.  But I know some gay people are into it.
That's a good idea!  I will have to do that.  Thanks!   
I would love to own my own home, but I don't think I'd want to live in one. 
I like the rich life style, but it is hard to make a living off of it. How about you?
So, what do you think about the fact that you have to talk to a lot of people?
I like singing. I like all types of music.  Do you play any instruments?
Oh, I love doughy desserts. I love how they can be made with so many different ingredients.
I like going to museums. They are so interesting. How about you? What is your favorite?
That's a good choice.  I'd love to see a michiguana in the wild.
I like a good bar. What do you like to do for fun? I love to sing.
Hello, how are you today? I am in the southern part of the US, in the Midwest.
I would have to agree with you.  I am not sure what they would have done.  What is your favorite thing to paint?
That sounds good, I will definitely check that out.  What else do you like to do?
I have never heard of a fridge in my house.  I guess it would be a storage unit.
I love to travel! I've been to many places but I've never been to Alaska. 
What do you do for a living? I work at a hotel. What do your parents do?
I love to grow my own food. What do you do? Do you have hobbies? 
I like soup, but I don't eat it often because I like veggies. 
What do you mean by lake? Is it a river or ocean?   
What do you do for a living? I am a banker. I love my job! 
I like to use toilet paper for my bathroom. It's convenient because I don't have to worry about it.
Chickens are so cute though. I love their wings. What do you like to do for fun?
I like to travel, but I'm always so worried about debt. What do you like to do on your vacations?
I like shopping for frozen foods, but I like grocery stores more.  Do you like shopping at Sam's Club?
Yes.  I agree.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go to the gym and work out.
Theatre is one of the best things to do.  I love watching a good movie.
I like playing with my kids but I am not sure how to get them into it. I am scared of them.
That's interesting.  Are you a fan of science fiction?  I like science.  What about you?
Spain is a beautiful place to visit, especially the beach. Have you ever been? 
Oh no!  I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope that you are ok!
What type of restaurant is it?  I like Asian and Mexican restaurants.   Do you have a favorite?
I love the beach! I would love to see some beaches on the Atlantic ocean.
I like to go camping in the summer.  I love to go on the beach.
I would love to go to a movie theater in a park.  I would like to see a historical movie.
I agree, that is probably the best option. I'm glad that there are so many ways to treat pregnant women.
That's a good point. I should probably eat more. What do you like to do for fun?
I would like to see a theatrical movie in a theater.  What is your favorite type of movie?
I like using a pot of water to cook with. What is your favorite kind of pan? 
Hi there, what kind of work do you do?  I work in IT.  I am a computer programmer.
Hi how are you today? My name is joseph. Do you have any hobbies?
How long did it take you to find out that the question was wrong? It was a tough one!
What do you do for a living?  Are you a teacher?  I am a stay at home mom.
What is blue bus? I'm not sure what that means. I've never heard of it before.
What are some of your favorite fast food options? I love Chick-Fries.  
I'm a math major. I know it's not easy for me to answer questions, but it's important.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope he gets to bed soon!  What are some of his favorite foods?
That sounds good. I would rather not pay my taxes. I don't know what to say.
I love Florida, it's so hot there.  I went to Jacksonville a few months ago and it was hot.
What do you think of the museums?  I've never been to any, but I know they are very valuable.
I know.  But I don't think I can stop smoking.  I know it's bad.
Do you like marmotts? I think it is the only thing I do in my spare time.
What do you do for a living? I'm an elementary school teacher and I love it. 
I love carrying people. I'm a big fan of carrying people around the world. What do you do for work?
I have never been in an economic situation. How do you think it affects you? Is it bad?
I'm not sure what I want to go to college for.  I think I'll be a nurse.
I would love to visit Disneyland, but it's hard to get a chance to go because of the crowds.
Hi, how are you today?  Are you married?  I have been married for 5 years.
Halloween is my favorite holiday! It's my favorite month of the year! I also love Christmas. 
The history of mammals has been traced back to pre-Vedic times in Europe.
I love to go to church on sundays, it's so relaxing. Do you like church?
I like the taste of cigarettes, but it can cause some health problems if you smoke.
Halloween is coming, I love to watch halloween movies. Have you ever been?
I like to play with matches.  I think it would be fun to compete in a race against each other.
I think you are right.  I don't think he is the right one for me. 
I like Colorado too.  I think I would prefer it over Alaska, though.
I like to go to the casino and spend money.  I like the atmosphere.  What do you like to do?
I love relaxation! I love to sit by the water and watch the sunset. How about you?
I'm so sorry, I've had to deal with food troubles like that.  
I like the city of Detroit.  I've lived there since I was a little girl.
That's great to know! Do you have a favorite food? Mine is pizza. It's my favorite.
I love the outdoors! I love to hunt for food in the wild and eat it.
I like to keep my food in my office. Do you have any pets?  I have a cat and a dog.
I'm not sure if I should say that I'm a night person.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to wash my hands when it is dirty. I also like it when it's wet. Do you?
I have never seen an animal in the wild before.  I have seen some at the zoo. 
I love bowling. I like the challenge of using a variety of materials to get the best score.
Good choice.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to read.  I love books.
I like to wear tuxes but not a tux.  I don't know if I could afford one.
That's a great idea.  I'll have to look into it.  What's the problem?
I am so sorry to hear that. Have you ever been involved in any violent crime before? I have.
I love watching movies, I like action films and comedies the most. What are your favorites?
I love math. It is one of the most important subjects in school.  Do you have any other hobbies?
You know, I've never had a bottle of alcohol before. Do you like to drink a lot?
I love flowers.  What's your favorite flower?  Mine are roses and peaches.
I play the guitar and I love music. What about you? Do you play any instruments?
That sounds interesting. What do you like to do for fun? I love shopping for new clothes.
Coffee is the best! Do you ever get the cappuccino? They are so good.
I don't know, but I know that they have to be really good with phones and telecommunications.
I agree.  I don't think I could do that to anyone.  It's so sad that it's happening.
I like pie too.  But not pie.  I don't think I could have a pie with whiskey in it.
I would have to say a desk desk. I would love to have a desk for a living.
Hi, how are you doing today? I just got off work. I work in an office.
Good choice. I would choose to be passionate in a subject I'm passionate about. 
I like trains.  I like to take my family to the train.  What do you like doing for fun?
I have not had a chance to travel much, but I have always wanted to. Have you ever been to any?
What do you do for a living? I work at McDonalds. I am a cashier.
New York City is a very big city. It is the most populated city in the United States
I agree.  I think that is the right choice.  What grade level are you in?
I am sorry to hear that, I am sure she will feel much better in a couple days.
I'm sorry to hear that, do you have any other hobbies? I love reading about nutrition
I love the taste of carrot.  Do you like it?  I like the texture better than the taste.
I like to think I am a good person but I am also very shy.  What is your favorite color?
I love fall, I love the trees in the fall. What do you like to do for fun?
I like the idea of kindness.  What do you like to do with your free time?
I use mine at the supermarkets. It is so convenient. Do you have a preference?
That's a good point. Do you like quake? It's a first person shooter.
That is a good way to go to school. I like to cook. Do you like to bake?
That sounds really fun. I would love to grow my own vegetables and fruits. 
Hi, what are some of your hobbies? I love to cook and bake. I like to bake and make cakes.
I'm from the midwest originally.  I love the city.  How about you?
I think that is a good idea. I like to think I can learn from my past experiences.
I like to recycle my food in the trash.  I don't like to throw away food.
I love shopping at warehouses and I like to look at the items I buy online.
I love going to supermarkets! I love to get all kinds of groceries! Do you?
I think that would be a smart thing to do. I think I will do that. What do you do?
I know what you mean. I have been there before.  What did you choose to do today?
I would love to play with a dog one day. I like to play fetch. Do you play any sports?
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to find a new friend! I hope they can help.
I love playing chess.  I love how complex it can be!  How about you?
I like to use a variety of nutty flavors. Peanut is one of the most commonly used ingredients in the world.
That's so great to hear.  What kind of work do you do?  Do you have any pets?
Hello! How are you today? I am just getting off work from work. I work at a bank.
I would like to work with a project, but I don't have the time right now.  What is that?
I'm a big fan of running, but I don't think I've ever run a 20 minute mile.
I'm not too sure what you mean.  What is your favorite kind of music?  I'm a huge fan of classical.
What do you do for a living?  I am an engineer.  I like painting.
Oh my, I didn't know that. I thought it was a girl kissing a boy.
How is your day going so far?  I am having a good day.  What are your hobbies?
I like Napster.  I like all kinds of music.  Who is your favorite artist?
I like Texas but have never been to Austin, Texas. Is there anything you would recommend?
I like math problems.  What do you like to do for fun? I really like math.
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope you are okay and safe!   Do you have any hobbies?
I would love to visit the city.  I love to travel.  What would you recommend?
Exploration is a great way to start, it requires creativity and critical analysis. 
Yes, I agree, I don't like that.  What do you like to do for work?
I have been there a few times, it's a pretty big city. I love travelling. 
I like to think of myself as an impersonator. I think that is a good choice.
I have a hard time staying consistent with food. I have trouble eating it all the time. 
What is the answer?  I'm not sure what to do.  Do you have a favorite printer?
That is great to know. I am a business owner and would love to make some money. 
That is very true.  I love the rain.  Do you have any favorite clouds?
I agree, that is one of my favorite activities to do. I like to relax after a workout.
I would love to visit there. I've been to the Grand Canyon and the Rocky Mountains.
That must be very painful. Do you have any other hobbies? I enjoy playing basketball. 
That was a great choice, I think he is a great driver and a very good driver. 
I have never heard of it.  What is the name?  Is it an electronics brand?
That is so tough. I'm sure you'll be okay. I hope it wasn't too painful.
How did you feel when you got the answer? Was it hard for you to get the answers right?
That's a really good point, I'll definitely try that. Do you play any instruments?
I love the lake. There is a lot to do in Michigan. I like camping, fishing, hiking, and fishing.
That's interesting.  I've never used that before but I'll have to give it a shot.  What do you do for a living?
That's a shame.  I'm sorry to hear.  Do you like to travel?  I do, and I love travelling.
I have always wanted to go to a store that has more pharmacy departments than retail stores.
I love to drink apple cider. I also like to drink lemon lime juice.
I think I'd go to bed and have a nap. I get tired of sitting on the couch.
That is a good question.  Do you like palace?  I love palace!  It was built in Palace.
I agree with you. Dietary concerns are a big one. I have a hard time staying fit.
Hi. I'm sorry to hear you have a sore hand. I've never been able to cope with the pain.
I love to read. I am a fan of the classical literature. What do you like to read?
I like vegetarianism, but I do not eat meat or any animal. I do like salads and fruits though.
I like baseball games.  I like to watch the World Series.  What is your favorite?
What is a movie you like to watch? I like action movies. I also like comedies.
I love eating.   I am trying to lose weight.  How about you?  Do you exercise?
I agree.  It was a waste of time.  I wish he would have just answered me.
That is a good point. I have always been interested in construction. What kind of things do you do?
What do you like to do for work? I like to take baths and swim in lakes.
I like the sporting store.  I like soccer.  What do you do for fun?
That sounds really cool. I would love to see it. Is it free concerts in general?
I'm not sure, but i know that the word "cleanliness" was first recorded in the 10th century.
I like to read, especially historical fiction.  What do you like to do for fun?
I have never been to a mountain range before, but would like to go one day. I like the outdoors, especially hiking.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you get over it.  What do you think causes anxiety?
I like potatos.  They're my favorite.  What do you like to cook?
I'm sorry to hear that, but it's good to have options to go off of.  I'm sure you'll get another promotion soon.
I think I will be okay, I am not sure I could do it. What do you think?
I love scyfi.  I think it is my favorite subject.  What is yours?
I love pot. It's so versatile, you could use it for so many types of things.
I like to shop at Walmart, because they do not have the same prices as Sam's Club stores.
What a shame. I'm sorry to hear that you had to deal with that.  Do you live in an apartment?
Hi, I'm a female, so I like to be clean, but I'm not very good at it.
I like to read, but I prefer nonfiction. What is your favorite genre of literature?
What is your favorite coin?  I like silver coins, but I don't have any.  
I'm sorry to hear that, I'm so sad.  I can't believe he killed so many innocent people.
That sounds fun. What do you like to do for fun? I like to go for bike rides.
I love the colorado trees!  It's so beautiful out today.  I think I will go for a hike.
Oh no, that's terrible. I've been there. I hope it's a temporary thing, though.
Hi! Do you like hiking? I do! It is my favorite outdoor activity!
I agree.  I think I am just going to choose one.  Do you have a choice?
I am not sure, but I do not want to be the leader. I want to have my own army.
I love feet! I have never been to a museums before. What kind of museam do you like?
Yes, he was born and raised in the US and moved to Canada.  He was also a member of the U.S.
I love shopping at the corner store, especially in the winter. What is your favorite store? 
I think I would choose alcohol, I think it's a good way to relax. Do you like it?
Hi. How are you tonight? I am just hanging out with my cats. I love them. 
I would like to go to school, but I'm not sure where to go.  Do you have any suggestions?
Yes I think it's sad to see a marital union dissolution of a marriage.  I hope it works out for you.
What is your favorite food?  I love to eat!  I can't get enough of Mexican food.
That's interesting, I'm not sure I understand your point.  Do you think that's true?
I agree.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to shop and try new things.
That's great to know. I know that silicones are used to make up the majority of the human body.
That's a great idea. I love going to the movies. Do you go to a lot?
I have never been to Northern Ireland.  I would love to visit the southern part.
That's interesting.  What is your favorite food?  I love mexican food. 
I'm not sure if you are referring to Josh Kling, but I do not think I've ever met him.
I think I will have to get a new pair.  I've got a few pairs of pants that I need.  Do you have any suggestions?
I like gambler, I have never been to a casino, but I have been to Vegas.
That's a great idea. I'll definitely look into this.   Thanks for the tip!
Wow. Congratulations! You must have studied very hard.  What did you study?
I would love to visit New Orleans. I've never been, but it seems beautiful.
How long have you been performing at the local theater?  I have never been to one.
I hate when that happens!  I have a hard time remembering the correct choice.  I always end up failing.
Oh that's nice. I love the outdoors. Do you like to travel?  
Wow, that's a great question.  I think I would have done the same thing.  Did you clean it?
That's a very good point, I'm sure we'll see what laws are enforced.
That sounds interesting. Do you know what languages you speak? I speak english and spanish.
I think I would have to say that I am more of an animal lover. I would love to see a snake in person.
Hi, how are you tonight?  Do you have any pets?  I have two.
I love museums, especially in the arts and crafts section. I would love to visit one day and see all the exhibits.
I agree that art is an important thing to create.  What do you like to do for fun?
That sounds like a good plan to me. I usually just lay around in my bed. Do you have any?
That's unfortunate.  I have had that happen to me a few times.  It's not good.
What city do you live in? I live in a small town in the country.  Do you have a favorite city?
I like boats but I like my garden more. I like to grow my own fruit and vegetables.
I like to watch movies with or without music. What about you? What is your favorite movie?
I don't know if I could have said it better but I do know that James was the best.
I love to dance! What kind of dance do you do? I like ballet.  
That's a good choice.  Do you own a boat?   I have a boat.
I agree. I'm not sure if this will be a good time for me to make friends or not.
I love to bake!  I have a lot of old wooden furniture in my garage.
I like to do things like that. What do you like to eat? Do you have any pets?
I love dogs! I have two of them. Do you have pets? What are your favorites?
That is good.  I hope it works out.  Do you have a lot of friends?
I'm not sure, but I do know that the US is one of the biggest countries in Africa.
How do you feel about math? I think it is a good way to get into the world.
Hiking is fun. I love the outdoors and camping. I also like to hike
That sounds good.  I love to shop online.  It's so convenient.  
Yes I do not understand. How are you doing this evening? I hope you are well.
I love cedars, they're my favorite food.  I like to watch television in my spare time.  What about you?
I love the idea of using my needle to create fabric. What other hobbies do you have?
I like California, I live in Los Angeles, California, where are you from? 
I would be scared. I think I would have a panic attack.  Do you have any dreams?
That's good! I like to play games with my friends. What do you like to do?
That's awesome. I love the rocking out scene. Do you like to go to concerts?
That's great!  I'm glad to be able to get to know you.  Do you have any favorite foods?
I love Paris, the capital.  I've been many times.  Have you been?
What do you like to do in your spare time? I'm a dental hygienist, so I like to brush my teeth.
I have never been to a zoo.  I like the animals and nature.  What do you like?
That sounds fun! I like to play soccer on my spare time too. Do you enjoy playing?
I would love to sing.  I sing in the shower sometimes.  What do you sing?
What are some of your other hobbies? I like to go for long walks on the beach.
I like them all.  I love all types of seafood.  What is your favorite?
I would have to say that I think the human body would be the best choice.  What about you?
I agree.  I think I'm a good person.  How about you?  What is your favorite color?  Mine is white.
I love dwarfs.  I love how they have the ability to make so many things.
Oh no, I hope you are okay!  I know that it can be very painful to lose consciousness.
I am glad you asked this.  I was not aware the child had such a bad childhood.
That's great, I love to exercise. I'm a stay at home mom so I don't get a chance to get out much.
Hello! What do you do for work?  I work in a hospital as a receptionist.
I know what you mean. It's not always a good thing to have faith in your partner.
That is great to have options for what you like, what do you like to do in your free time?
Swimming can be fun. I like to go swimming in my spare time. Do you like swimming?
New York City is my favorite city in the world. It is so busy. I love it.
That sounds like a great idea. I think I'll give it a go.  What do you think?
Oh that's interesting! I have never been to a bathroom before. I would like to see it though.
I like to think I am good. But I don't think I would have thought about it.
What is it about? I like comedies, what do you like to do in your spare time?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get a chance to get a better feeling for it. I hate waiting for long lines.
That is good to know that. I hope you are doing well! Do you have any hobbies?
I like the Opera, it's one of my favorites. What about you? What is your favorite movie?
I'm sorry that happened to you.  Do you have any kids?  I have a daughter.  She's 3.
I like to exercise in the summer. It makes me feel so much more energetic.
I am not religious at all. I have no idea what Jesus is, but I do know he is a great savior.
Rug is nice. I have one in my garden. What kind of rug do you have?
I have always been fascinated by television.  I love watching people work.  How about you?
Hi how are you today? I'm good, thank you for asking. What are some of your hobbies?
I'm not a fan of drinking water.  I prefer tea.  Do you like to drink?
I'm from South Carolina.  We have a lot of beautiful beaches here!  What do you like to do for fun?
I love the look of dogs.  I have two myself.  How often do you get to see them?
I prefer grocery stores because of the fresh fruits and vegetables. What about you, what do you prefer?
What kind of music do you like to listen to?  I like opera.  Do you like music?
That's good to know! What are some of your favorite foods? I'm a vegetarian.
I have never seen that movie but I have seen a lot of western movies. Do you have a favorite?
I am a mother of 4. How about you? What is your favorite thing to do for fun?
What would you use scissor for?  I like to use my knives.  What do you like to do?
The word atlanta was actually first documented in the 10th century in Greece.
What was it that made you so tired? I'm not sure I would have thought of it.
I use a tablet to check my spell check. I have a lot of spell checkers.
Yes, it is a good question. Do you know that the contest was held in the United States?
I love flowers!  I grow my own vegetables, fruits and vegetables.
I've never had a contact lens before, but I know they're used a lot in movies.
I have never been to a concert. What kind of music do you like? I love classical music
I think I am a pretty good listener of facts.  What about you?  What are your interests?
I think that is a good point to have in mind. What do you think about wallpapers?
I love going to the beach and the water.  It is one of my favorite things to do.
I'm sorry you have to be tired, maybe you should take a nap before driving. 
I'd love to get my nails done but I have a hard time getting them done. I'd probably get them done at a salon.
I think they are a beautiful country.  I like the scenery.  Have you ever been?
I love to cook.  I like to use salt shakes.  Salts are often used to make a great meal.
I think that's the answer.  I was thinking of doing that but I'm not sure.
Do you like the ocean?  I love the sea, but I don't swim often.
What kind of shopping carts did you get? Do you have a specific store you like to go to?
I love wooden tools, but I don't think I have any wooden ones right now.
I think I will go for a nice hairstylist, or I might get a wax.
Oh that's nice. I love creeks. They are so pretty and they are so peaceful.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you live in a house? I live in an apartment and can't afford my own.
I love to play the trumpet in my band. What kind of music do you play? 
I love going to concerts. I love the stadiums. What type of music do you like?
I have a lot of impatiency. I tend to forget to do things I really want.
I love sea water, I would love to go to the beach and see all the shells
That's a good point, I like to think of my nephew as an older generation as well.
I'm sorry to hear that. I've always found the best way to get to know people.
Hi, I am from the west coast of the US. I have never been to the eastern part of the world.
I can understand that. Do you have a favorite food? Mine is fried chicken.  
That's too bad. Why do you feel that way? I'm sure it isn't true.
That is a good point. Do you think it is a choice or a lifestyle change? 
I love fruits.  I also like banana skins.  What about you?  What do you like?
I love to cook, but never tried a set table.  What kind of food do you like?
I like music.  I play in a few groups.  How about you?  What kind of music do you like?
I love watching movies, especially horror movies and supernatural shows. What do you like? 
That is good to hear. I like to think of the country as one of the most successful and powerful nations in the world.
That is interesting. I think I will have to try it. Do you have any pets?
I would love to go to Yukon. I have never been. I'd like to visit Canada.
I love animals, but I think I'd rather be outside. I like to hike. Do you?
I think I'll go back to my sorrity house and get a few drinks before I get back.
What do you like to do for fun? I love flying airplanes, especially the ones that are used for pleasure.
That is interesting.  Is that a place where you work?  I have never been to one.
That sounds interesting, I have a small home too.  Do you like to go to church?
That is a good point. It's good to have options.  What do you do for a living?
Chemistry lab? I'm not sure if that's a science class, but it sounds interesting. 
What is it you want to do with the baby?  I am not familiar with that one.
What did you decide to buy?  I like to buy my office supplies at my office.
I'm sorry you feel that way.  Do you have other options?  Maybe you can change the subject?
That's awesome! I bet it was really exciting. I like to ride horses, but I'm not very good at it.
I love trunk shopping! What do you do for a living? I am a teacher. 
That is interesting, I will have to look into that.  Do you have any other interests?
I like to play with my dog.  He's a dog. He loves to play soccer.  What kind of dog do you have?
I'm sorry to hear that. What is the cause?  I've had to deal with it.
I'm sure he learned from his experiences.  What is your favorite color? Mine is red.
I have never had a flower garden.  What are some of the flowers you grow?
That sounds nice. I'd love to have my own cabin in the city. Do you have a house?
I am not sure what I would do, but it would be interesting to see what happens in the future.
I like soccer but I don't know if there is one near my house.  What's your favorite?
That is great!  What kind of flower is it?  Do you like flowers?
What are some of the questions you have to answer? I'm sure you can figure it out.
I would have to say I would store my clothes in my backpack, it is very important.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you don't lose anyone in your family. 
I think you are going to have to ask him if he is able to reach the shelf. 
I'm not sure, but I do know they have a lot of them in Australia and the United States.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What did you purchase from the store?  I would have to say, if you don't mind me asking.
I would love to see that. What is the color of your hair? Mine is brown, and it is my favorite color.
What kind of music do you like to play?  I like classical.  Do you play an instrument too?
Michigan is a wonderful state to live in.  It's the third largest state by area.
I like making bread.  What are some of your favorite recipes?  I like bread that uses wheat or flour.
How do you feel about jogging? I love jogging, but I'm not very good at it.
I love to garden! What type of flowers do you grow? I love roses.
That sounds like a good idea. Do you know how to do it? I have never done it.
That's a really good point, I'll keep that in mind next time I need to use it.
Yes, I agree. I love food. I eat a lot of bacon, eggs and sausage
I love to race.  Do you like racing?  I'm not good at it.
I have never been to a Synagoguar restaurant. I would like to one day though
That's a good one! I'll have to check it out. Do you know what I'm going to do?
That sounds like a good idea. I might have to do that. I live in a small apartment, so I can't have a yard.
I love to read about politics.  What is your favorite political documentary?  I love historical ones.
What type of work do you do?  I have been there before.  It is a tough job.
I think I'll just clean my house for a bit.  I don't have much time to clean anymore.
I think I'm going to have a hard time decipating my emotions for the rest of my life.
I love to read. I have read that the word "branch" means tree in Latin.
Oh, I see. What kind of games do you play? I love playing board games. They're a lot of fun.
I have always had a fear for blisses. Have you ever had a blond hair?
That's a good point. I think that would help people see better. What do you do for a living?
I am so sorry to hear that.  I am sure it is very hard to deal with.
What kind of tricks do you like? I like to play magic, so I like tricks.
I'm sorry to hear that.  What happened to them?  Do you have a favorite food?
I like grocery shopping. I love farm life. I like the outdoors. Do you?
I would have to say that is the correct choice. What would you like to know about me?
I agree, I have been there a couple times.  It can be tough to find good people.
I love cuddling, especially with the weather. What about you? What do you like to do for fun?
I believe in God. I am not really religious. Do you believe in any other religions?
Yes, that sounds good.  I like that idea.  What is your favorite kind of food?
How are you doing today? I just got home from work, I'm having a nice day.
I have heard of Amazon.  Is it true that there are no more sloths in the world?
What is your favorite type of oil? I like diesel. Do you know what kind of oil you like?
I love the beach. I live near the Gulf of Mexico. It is very pretty.
I think you're right. I'm going to have a hard time picking one because it's hard for me to choose.
I agree.  What is your favorite type of house to own?  Mine is a mansion.
That sounds like a great idea, but I don't have a bike.  I ride my bike everywhere.
I would love to have a house like this. I love to cook and bake. What do you like to do for fun?
I love reading.  I like to read a good book on chess.  What do you like to do?
I agree, I don't think that's the right choice.  What do you think?  What's your choice?
That sounds interesting! What do you do for a living? Do you have any hobbies? I like to read
I like Eastern heights, especially the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
What is the laser? Is it a laser pointer? I have never used one before.
I love music, but I am not very good at it.  I prefer to play the piano.
I agree.  I like the idea of mass matter.  Do you have any favorite foods?
I have never grown anything other than fruit, vegetables, and meats. I would love to try growing corn, though.
I agree, communication is the most important thing in life.  Do you think we will ever get married?
I like old houses, too. The oldest is probably a Victorian Era. 
I have always wanted to go.  I have heard its the most populous in the U.S.
That is interesting. I would like to know more about you. Are you a student? What kind of work do you do?
I love fish.  Do you like to eat fish?  I love all kinds of seafood, except crab.
I have not seen it yet. Have you seen The Grand Tetons? It is a great opera.
I think that would be hard for a child to do that, but I'm sure he'll get over it.
I love the outdoors. I like hiking in the mountains. Where do you go?
I love meat, especially beef. I love the beef, pork, and chicken too. 
I love flowers. I like all kinds of flowers, but I love roses. 
I think I would have done the same, but I don't know if he's still there.
I love baking but I'm not very good at it.  I prefer roasting.
That's a good one. I'm sure I'll pass. I've been studying for this exam.
That is so cool! I love to read about people like Steve Jobs! What else do you enjoy?
I have never been to a park. I like roller coasters though.  What is your favorite?
I love candy shops!  What's your favorite?  I like all kinds of candy.
I have never been there.  I have been to the Gulf of Mexico though.  Do you know anything about that?
That is good advice.  What are some of your favorite things to do online?  Mine is to go shopping.
I have never had chicken soup. What is it? Is it a soup made with chicken?
How did you get your knees hurt?  Was it because you went jogging or something?
That sounds like an interesting choice.  What kind of band are you referring to?  Are you a musician?
I like to shop at the convenient store, but I like the outdoors as well.
I like to look at the stars and think of all the beautiful things that happen in the world.
How are you? What is your favorite color? Mine is green. Do you have any hobbies?
Oh, I see. Well, what do you like to do for fun? I love to read books.
That's a good point. I'm thinking about getting a tattoo of my dog. What's your dog's name?
I agree, that's why I'm a professional artist. I love to create and sell my work.
I'm not sure what I would choose, but I think I'm going to go with dance.
I think you're right.  There are a lot of restaurants around here.  I like a good burger.
I love trains, they are so convenient and safe. Do you like travelling?
I would like to be on a ship that is sailed on the Gulf of Mexico, where the captain would be.
I'm sorry that happened to you.  I hope you are okay.  Have you had a good experience?
That would be nice to have a garage for your house. I would have to get a storage unit.
I like to think I am good at decorating my home.  What is your favorite thing in your home?
I like that.  I have never been to an office block before.  Is there anything you'd like to know?
Cleaning is a must! I hate it. I have allergens and I have a bad allergic reaction.
I love marching bands. They are the best. What kind of music do you play?
I like bus stops, but I hate having to wait too long to get to my destination.
I would like to go to a concert but I am afraid of heights. Do you play any musical instruments?
I like plants.  What do you like to grow?  I'm more into vegetables than fruits.
I like the outdoors. I like to hike. Do you like hiking? 
I would say Manhattans. It's a major metropolitan area in the United States.
That sounds like a good place to get some good ideas for building a factory. Do you think it will be a good choice?
I like to keep my comb in my bag. I have a hard time keeping it in my pocket.
I love books, especially the classical ones like the Hitchhikers guide. What do you like to study?
I like trains, especially the ones used in Japan, China, India, and Africa. What do you like to do?
Hi, I love hanging out with my friends. We all go to school together. What do you like to do?
I like to watch television. I like shows like The Big Brother. What about you?
That's awesome!  What kind of hospital is it?  Do you work in one?  I work for a hospital.
I would love to go to the beach, but I'm afraid of sharks. I'm too scared of them.
I love the outdoors, especially in the fall, I like hiking the Appalachian trail
I have never done that. I am too shy for that. Do you have any suggestions?
I like banquets. They are delicious.  I love how they are made in a wide variety of ways. 
Yes, I agree. She was trying to lose weight and she was on the diet. I was very strict.
I think I will be fine.  I have been practicing my hand for a long time.
Purse!  That's a good one!  I have a purse.  It's my favorite!  What's yours?
I love hunting! I have a big farm with lots of meat! What kind of food do you like?
I like cheese.  I love cheese!  What about you?  Do you like cheese or ice cream?
Oh no, I am sorry. I hope you get better soon! What kind of food do you like?
I love the yard.  We have a yard that is full of flowers.  What do you do?
I love going to the store! What's your favorite store?  I like a good bag of olives!
Rabbits are cute, but I like rabbits more than bunnies. I like rodents too.
I love building office buildings.  I like that they are more open spaces.  Do you like it?
Hi! I live in the south and I'm from the west coast of the US. How about you?
I think the best thing to do before you go to bed is to get up early. I think that's what I did.
That sounds like a good idea. I think I will do it. I have been looking for a cleaner solution for my clothes.
That would be terrible.  I would have to say I'd have a heart attack.  Do you have any pets?
What is your favorite kind of ground? I like to use grass. It's so soft.
The ocean is a beautiful and peaceful place. I would like to go one day. 
What do you like to cook? I love potatoes. They are one of the most common foods in the world
That's a good point.  What is your favorite color? I love red.  I love the color blue.  How about you?
I love to eat fast food.  Do you?  What is your favorite fast food chain?
I love it! I like how it has been used in the Western world for a long time.
Yes, I agree.  War is a great way to keep the peace of your country.  What is your favorite war?
Hi, I'm from the eastern part of the state of Washington.  How are you?
I love the subway, it's my favorite. I love all kinds of subways. How about you?
I would love to go to a conference but I have no time.  What do you do for a living?
I can relate! I have been dealing with anxiety lately, it's really hard to find a good home.
That is interesting!  I'm from Michigan.  What about you?  What do you like to do for fun?
I agree. What is your favorite food in the world? Mine is Italian. I love to cook.
I have never been to a dental hospital in my life. What do you do in your spare time?
I would love to go to a candy shop!  Do you have one near you?  What is your favorite?
That's cool.  I like that they offer more than just electronics.  What else do you like to buy?
Good, I'm so glad you are getting the answers you are looking for.  Do you have a favorite subject in school?
I think that would be fun.  I love to party with my friends.  Do you?
What is the footpath? Is it a long one? Or a narrow one? 
I like to go to the opera, but I usually go to concerts that have a large audience.
I love fishing! I love the outdoors! What do you like to do? 
I would like to say that I am a good person.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I don't know if I could say that I agree with you there.  What about you?
I'm not really good at choosing.  I guess it depends on the person I work with.
Chicago is a good city to visit.   The subway employs over 600 locations.
I think that would be a good choice, since I work in an office. What do you work in?
I think I would be a good candidate for a police force. I'm a bit nervous though, I don't think I could do it.
That sounds awful. What did you do to help her? I think you should talk to her about it.
What do you do for a living? I am an accountant.  I love cold food.
I think it would be better to not have to drive a car for an hour to get to work.
I've never been there, is it nice?  I know it's a great city to visit.
What do you do for a living? Do you know how to make money? I am a banker.
How do you feel about home depots? I think I like the fact that they are owned by Home Depot.
I like to sleep in and read.  It makes me feel relaxed.  What is your favorite thing to do?
That's a great question. Do you have a favorite food? Mine is pizza.   What is yours?
What do you do for a living? I am a cashier at a grocery store. 
What kind of music do you like?  I like rock music myself.  What kind do you play?
I think it would be a good choice if it is a fiddle. What do you think?
I have never used a computer. I have a tablet though.   What kind of computer?
I like to think I'm a pretty normal person.  But I'm not sure if that's normal.
I've never been on a cruising ship before, what do you do for a living?
That's a good point. I guess that makes sense. I'm not a fan of wires.
That sounds like fun.  I like to watch football on Sundays.  What else do you do for fun?
The word "chursem" was first recorded in the 10th century.  I wonder what that means.
I'm sure you aren't that great at it.  I don't think I could read at a young age.
I like fish.  I have a small salmon farm.  What do you do?  Do you have any pets?
I'm so sorry to hear that.  What did you do for a living?  Do you have any kids?
How many kids do you have? I have three and they're grown, but I don't know if I could ever have another.
I'm not really sure I understand what you mean. Do you know what you are talking about?
I think I would have gone to the bathroom first.  I think that would be better.
I like pain. It's not always a pleasure. What kind of pain do you have?
I love trains.  I have a train station in New York.  Do you have any favorites?
I love the color blue. What color is your hair? Mine is brown and blue.  
I do not watch much television anymore.  I prefer movies, though.  What is your favorite movie?
Wow, ten fingers. That's a lot. Do you like to cook? I love cooking.
I think I am going to choose one option. I have no idea what to choose.  
I love antique shops. I like to shop at a good deal. What do you do for a living?
Yes, I have had a hard time breathing. I have been trying to find a cure.
I think that is a great idea. It would be nice to have a place to live in that is not urban.
I agree with you, water is a good source of nutrients. Do you like it?
I would like to visit the White House. I hear it is a great place for a family.
I think you're right, you can find something that you are passionate about.  What kind of food do you like?
I'm sorry. I hope it works out for you. I know you'll find the answer soon!
Oh that sounds like a good place to find good tools. What do you do for a living?
I hate that. I hate when people don't do what they want. It makes me so frustrated
I have not been to Texas. I have been to Austrailia. Have you been?
I like to relax at home too.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like playing golf. 
The Battlefield? I've never seen it but heard of it. What do you do for a living?
I would say a yard would be nice.  I like to keep things organized.  What do you do?
That is a great choice. What do you do for a living? I work at a bank.
I love how elastic the fabric is.  I can't believe they were able to make elastic fabrics.
That's interesting! Do you have any hobbies? I like to go hiking. Do you like to hike?
What is spit?  Is it like a liquid?  I have never heard of it.
I like creation, but not creation. I love the creation of the creations of the modern day artists.
I've always been fascinated by garbage disposal, but I guess I should learn more about it.
I don't know if I want to go to jail.  I don;t think I could handle it!
I agree. That's the only way to go.  What grade level are you in? 
I have never ridden a bike. Is it a good place for kids to get around campus?
I have always wanted to go to the ocean, I love the water.  What would you recommend?
I like to make friends, but I do not do them often. I like doing things like that.
Yes I know that feeling. But I'm not sure if I would be able to shave it.
I love state parks.  I have never been to any of the ones in Wyoming, Idaho.
What are you having?  I love dinner.  I am eating some fried chicken and rice.
I like reading, but I'm not much of a reader myself. What kind of books do you like?
What do you do for a living? I'm an accountant. I work in a law office.
I would love to have a fast car, but I am not sure where I would want to go.
How did you know they had to hide from you?  I would have probably done the same thing if I were you.
Hi there. How are you? I love giving people good vibes and advice. Hows it going?
I have never been to a big city, but I know they have a big collection of computer programs.
I love winter. It's my favorite time of year.   How about you? What do you like to do for fun?
I know what you mean.  I have kids, and they keep me pretty busy.  How about you?
I think that would make her feel a little better about her self esteem. It's good to have a positive outlook on life.
I like driving, but I don't like the stress it causes. I prefer a car, or motorcycle.
I agree. I think that would be a good idea to start with one. What would you like to know?
Oh, I am so sorry that happened to you. I hope you don't have to deal with it. It's so sad.
What are you writing?  Are you writing a book?  I love to write.  What kind is it?
I would have to say that you should wash your hands first.  I have no idea how you would do it.
I love the city.  I have been to many of its major cities.  What is your favorite city?
I have been in trouble before.  I was a serial killer who killed people.  How about you?
I would love to go to a country club but I'm afraid of spiders.  I hate spiders!
Meditation can be done in a variety of ways.  What type of meditation do you do?
I love water coolers, I love to go to the beach. What do you like to do for fun?
I love Montana, I've been to the Blue Ridge Mountains in the fall.
Columbia is an American state in the northern hemisphere.  Do you know much about it?
That's a good idea. I'll make a list of things I should do to help me.
I like sitting on the couch and just relaxing. What about you?  What do you do in your spare time?
That's a good point! Cognitating is a very important part of human being! Do you agree?
I love forests, I wish I lived in one, what do you like to do?
Yes, that's a good way to go. I like to make my cats purr too!
The laws of attorneys can vary considerably across jurisdictions. 
I love dancing! I love watching people dance. What is your favorite kind of musician?
That's interesting. Are you a fan of junk food? I love junk food.   
I love boiling coffee.  What do you do for a living?  Are you a chef?
I like forests, but I don't think I'd like them in the countryside.
I think I'd just try to put on a t-shirt and then I'll be fine.
I have a lot of questions for you, but I have no idea if he found it!  
What do you like to buy? I like coton candy, but I don't have the time for it often.
I'd love to buy a pocket knife, but I'm not sure where I would buy one. Do you have one?
I like to dance, I love to dance. I have a lot of friends that are really good at it.
Hi, I'm a nursing student, what do you do for fun? I love reading.
Hi, how are you today?  Do you like flowers?  I love roses, I have many of them in my yard.
I like science! It's one of my favorite subject in school. What else do you like to do?
I love gardening.  I like to grow herbs, vegetables, and fruits.  What kind of garden do you grow?
Do you have any pets? I have a dog that I love. I love him so much.
I would choose a lightbreathing office, because it is a great size for lighting.
I love tool! What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
The rose is a type of flower that comes in many different shapes, colors, size, and colors.
I think I will have to get a new pair of glasses, since I have a really bad memory.
I agree. Obesity is a major problem. It's hard to get rid of it.
I have never had any experience with epileptic seizures, but I know they're a seperate segment of neurology.
That's interesting.  Do you have any other pets?  I have two dogs and a cat.
Offices are always nice. I like to work in my office too. What kind of office are you in?
I like sports. I like to watch the Olympics, especially basketball. What is your favorite sport?
I love a good fart! I also enjoy a good beverage. What about you? What is your favorite?
I like wearing glasses. I have a hard time focusing on the light.  Do you wear glasses?
Yes, I have experienced that. I find it interesting that trance can be described as a state of mind, body, or spirit.
I'm not really sure. I do know that the answer is to divide them into two separate categories of questions.
That's cool. I like the American army, but I'm not a big fan of them.
What is the most you have done to make you happy?  I have never really done that.
I think that would be a great idea! It would be nice to have something to look at while you work.
Yes, he was the leader of the United States, and also a member of the Canadian Federation of Association of Defense.
That's awesome.  I have never been there.  Is it a nice hotel to go to?
I agree with you on that! I think I would prefer to have a boy or a girl. 
I love dancing. It's the best thing to do in life. What do you like to do?
That's a good one! I'm not sure if I'm going to celebrate Christmas, but that's the only one I can think of.
I know the feeling. It's hard to concentrate on things you're really passionate about.
I would love one day to go to Disneyland. It is one of the largest museums in the world!
That is a good point. Do you have a favorite subject in school? I'm not sure if I can make any choices.
The heart of a person is the heart of the head. I would say the heart is the most important.
I think I'm going to go watch a movie tonight.  Do you like horror movies?  I do.
I'm so sorry to hear that.  What happened to your child?  I hope everything goes well for them!
That sounds like a good plan.  What do you do for work?  I am a barbarian.
That sounds like a good idea! I will have to do that today! Thanks for the advice!
I'm sorry to hear that. It must be so difficult to lose someone you loved. How are you holding up?
I love countryside.  I live in a rural area and have lots of trees around.
I agree with that. I try to eat healthy and exercise.  Do you have any suggestions?
I love space so much I want to be able to see the universe. Do you like space?
I love bus stations! It's so convenient and easy. I like the convenience.
I would like to know, but I'm afraid of needles. Do you have a favorite kind of needle?
The night sky is beautiful. I have never been to a night sky. What do you think of the sky?
How do you feel about this question?  I'm curious.  What do you do in your spare time?
I like going to the church on sundays. It is the largest church in the world.
I would love to go to a BBQ restaurant but I live in a dorm, so I can't drive my car.
I have never been to a zoo, what's it like? I've been to the zoo in Chicago.
I love coffee!  It's one of the most popular foods in the world, so I always get my coffee when I need it.
I don't understand. Why is that? Is there something you want to impersonate me?
I have not had any experiences like that. I have a feeling that I would not be able to forget.
What kind of pain is it?  Is it a sharp, sharp pain, or sharp pain?
You know I have a lot of money, but I'm not sure what to do with it. I want to be a millionaire.
I love to go to conference events! They're so much fun. I'm a big fan of the Ford Falcon Conference.
I like to grow vegetables and fruits. I love the outdoors. What kind of cacti are you talking about?
I like birds but not roofs, they're too scary. What do you do for a living?
That's terrible.  I hope you are okay.  It is a terrible thing to go to jail.
I would probably go to a public school. I don't have to worry about parking lots anymore.
I like to think I'm not the only one who thinks so. But I don't think I can agree.
I would love to visit London, it is the most populous city in England.  Have you ever been there?
That must be so scary, I hope you are okay.  What do you do for fun?
I love to bake.  What do you like to eat?  I like cake and cookies.
I like to go to grocery stores that specialize in meats and vegetables.  What about you?
Hi there! How is your day going? Do you have any plans for this weekend?  
I like summer because it is the perfect day to go surfing. Do you surf?
What language are you speaking in?  English is my first language.  Do you speak any other languages?
That is terrible.  I am sorry to hear you have to deal with that.  Do you have a doctor?
Hello. How are you today? I love the west coast. I have never been to west.
I like to heat up my furniture.  I love the heat.  Do you have any hobbies?
Female?  That is a tough one.  I am guessing you are a female.
I think a good place for a pile of compost is a place to digest it.
I would love to visit the forest.  Do you have any favorite places you'd visit?
I think I will choose soccer games.  I am not a huge fan of Hockey.
I would have done the same thing.  I think it is a good question to ask.  What was the answer for the man?
What do you like doing for fun? I'm a pretty boring person, I like to play games.
I agree. I'm not sure what the question is though.   What do you think?
I love Disney movies! Do you? I have seen all of them. Do you have a favorite?
What happened to the ball? Did you have to wait for it? I would have been mad!
That is a good choice.  What do you do for work?  I am in school.
I like to go to Tako, Japan.  I love the Thai cuisine.
I don't know what you mean.  I'm not sure I understand.  What do you think?
That's too bad, I'm sorry you had to experience that.  Do you like movies?
That's a great idea.  I will have to try it out.  What do you think of the recent shootings?
I like to shop at goodwill. It is a great place to find all kinds of items like electronics.
I love the outdoor activities.  I like to go camping.  What about you?
What do you do for a living?  I work in a pet store.  I love my cats!
I love to cook but it can be hard sometimes. What kind of food do you like? 
I would love to see the new Star wars movie. It is so good. Do you have any favorites?
I would choose one of the best restaurants in the world.  I like to eat out at restaurants.
Dancing would be great exercise! I would like to learn how to do that, but I'm not very good at it.
I've never had a heart attack, but that sounds scary! I'm sure I would be fine.
I love to travel, but I've never been to Mexico. I would love to see all the places I can.
I have a drinking problem. I think I need to stop drinking. It is a problem for me.
That's interesting. I'm not sure I understand what you're saying. What is your question?
How many cats do you have? I have two myself, one is a black cat.  Do you have pets?
That sounds like a lot of fun.  I love going to concerts with my friends.
That's a great idea, I'll have to look into that! Thank you for the advice.
I like your style. I love to laugh and have a lot of friends. Do you have any friends?
I agree with you. I have been there many times. I would rather be at a hotel with a hotel or hotel.
I agree, exercising can be good, but I like to go for long walks on trails.
I love gardening. I like all sorts of vegetables and fruits.  What kind of fruit do you like?
That is good advice! I will have to try that. Thank you!  Do you have any other suggestions?
I am sorry to hear about that.  Do you have a backup?  I have been there.
Hi, I am a nurse and I have a lot of friends that work at the hospital I work at.  What do you do?
I love to drive. It's one of my favorite things to do. What do you drive?
That sounds nice, I would love to visit a hotel.   Do you have any suggestions?
That is interesting. I like Mexican food. Do you have any favorite Mexican dishes? 
I think you're right, the cats are more likely to attack each other. Do you have any?
I'm not sure what you mean by that. What is your favorite color? Mine is red.
I would love to visit. I have only been to one of the Atlantic Ocean, but have always wanted to go.
That is a good choice for a police officer. I would choose the gun. Do you have a preference?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are okay. What scars are you experiencing?
I've had a bad breath before.  Do you ever drink?  It can be dangerous.
I think I'm going to go for a run now. I need to get back in shape.
A lot of people are allergic to it.  Do you know someone who is? 
I love water and food. I have a huge garden and I love it. Do you have any pets?
I'm on the west coast.  I've lived in the south all my life.  How about you?
That sounds like a good idea. What kind of car are you looking for? I like the Honda Fit.
Wow, you are right. I did not know there was a cereal with two feet.
I'm a bit of a fan of drinking, but I don't like to go to the bar.
I'm sure you could find something in a suburban.  I live in a rural area.  It is very peaceful.
I'm not sure.  I think I'll have to think about that.  Do you have any suggestions?
That's a great idea. What do you think of the idea of a body being buried in a closet?
I love going on vacations. I usually bring a map and I always have a map. 
I'm sure it's pretty crowded in California.  It's the 3rd least populated state in the US.
I love playing with toys, but I don't have a toy shop in my area. I like going to the zoo.
I would like to know what you mean by that.  Do you like the subject?  It is a subject in college.
I really enjoy outdoor activities. I love to go on hiking and fishing. 
I would love to visit my grandfather but I have not seen him since he passed away.
Orbit is a beautiful planet. It is the largest and most sparsely populated of any of our planets.
That sounds like fun!  I'm sure it'll be a great time.  Do you know anyone that will be there?
I would probably have to call 911. I would call the police. That would be a good start.
That's so sad. I'm so sorry.  I'm sure you'll get through. 
Oh my.  I hope you are ok.  Did you have to call the police to help?
I'm not sure if I could speak another language. Do you speak any other languages?  
That's interesting.  Are you a professional gamer?  I'm a big fan of the Nintendo Switch.
I love the outdoors.  I like to take the mountains.  How about you?
I love to go to the gym, but I usually wear pants, t-shirts, and a swimming trunks.
Oh no, that's terrible!  I hope it was a long day.  I hate when that happens.
I have heard that the stomach aches can result in heart disease. Do you have a stomach?
I like trees too!  What do you like to do?  I like to garden.
I agree. I like to make new friends, but I have trouble meeting new people. What about you?
I have never been to Columbia, but I know it is a very beautiful place. 
What do you mean by confuse?  What is your favorite food?  I like pizza.
That's a shame, I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you get better soon!
Yes!  I love seeing exhibit sites!  What are some of your favorites?
I'm going to need a doctor to diagnose my neuroscience.  Do you have any suggestions?
I love to play music. It is one of the best ways to communicate.  Do you play any music?
I like state parks, but I prefer the ones in Florida. I have never been to one.
How long did you play?  I've been playing guitar for over a year now.  Do you play any instruments?
I like to think so. What is your favorite movie? I have seen The Godfather 3.
Yes, I agree.  I'm sorry to hear about that.  Do you know who Mary sings?
I'm not sure what you mean.  What do you mean by that?  Do you mean recycle?
I know what you mean. I was exhausted too. I did not even finish my first race.
What do you do for a living? I'm a lawyer, but I don't get to go out much.
What are you having for dinner? I am thinking of going to a BBQ restaurant. I love BBQ.
I like the fact that she's a great friend and she's been in my life for a very long time.
I'm glad I don't work at a law office. I work at my local police department.
I like to grill mine on the grill. What's your favorite type of meat? 
I have never been to Canada. I have been to the U.S.A. It is a beautiful country.
I have never been there.  I will have to check it out.  Do they have a lot of electronics in there?
That's a great choice.   What is your favorite thing to do on the weekends?
I am from Michigan.  I love the lake.  It is so peaceful.
Hi! How are you doing? I live near Queens, New York, where are you from?
Yes, that's a great choice. It's a very popular option for entertainment. Do you have a preference?
I like museums.  I have a few of them in my neighborhood.  Do you have a favorite?
That's a good choice. What is the article about? I like reading about newspapers.
I love the beaches there.  The water is gorgeous.  Have you ever been?
That's a great tool.  I think it was designed for the use of carpets.
What grade level do you teach?  I'm a teacher.  I love teaching!  
I am sorry to hear that.  I am not good with debt.  Do you have any advice to help me out?
That is a great choice! Do you have a preference for cookies? I love baked goods.
That's good to know, I'm a trucker and I have never been in a car accident.
I would like to buy a new couch for my apartment. What are your thoughts on building a home?
I have never been to a garbage dump. What do you do for fun?  I like to go to the beach.
Oh dear. I'm so sorry.  Have you ever thought about seeing a doctor? 
I think I would go back to school if I had to choose.  I am a big fan of college football.
That's good advice.  I'm looking for a job myself.  What do you do?
How many children do you have?  I am not sure how many I have, but I do have a daughter.
That is a good one.  I think I'll choose one, but what is your choice?
I like the internet.  I don't have a lot of time for it these days.  How about you?
I'm sorry to hear that. I know you are frustrated, but what do you think is going to do about it?
What do you usually wear? I wear jeans and a t-shirt. I also wear pants.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think there is a cure for depression? I know there is treatment for it.
Oh, I see. I like that name for the Converse. What is your favorite color?
I agree, I think I would choose sit ups over push ups. Do you prefer sit ups?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you ever been to a doctor about your condition? It can be very difficult to diagnose.
Seattle is a great city to live in.  I love the forest.  It's so peaceful.
I like mountainous areas. I love the Appalachian National Scenic Trail!
I agree. I think it's good to have a balance between the two sides.  Do you have any hobbies?
I've never been to a hotel hotel. Is it expensive? Do they have good deals on rooms there?
I love Canada, but I have never been there.  What's it like living in Canada?
I love dogs, I have two myself and they're the best companions ever.  I love them so much.
That's a very difficult question to answer. Why would you be killed if you were not a man?
I love roofs, they're so beautiful, I love how they are made up of glass, metal, and wood.
What is your favorite team?  Mine is the Washington Redskins.  I like the Washington Capitals.
I like soccer too, but not as much as I do gymnastics.  Do you play sports?
That's a good point, I think I will stick with the fifth choice.  
Cleaning is a great option, it makes it a great way to get rid of clutter.
I like to call my dog, he's my best buddy, and we have been together for a while.
I would love to know where I could go. Do you know where the toilet is?  
Yes, it is.  It is one of the most important structures in history.  
That's interesting. I've been to fishing camps before. What kind of fishing do you do?
That is interesting! I have never heard of a seaborase before! What is it? 
The ocean is my favorite, I would love to go on a cruise ship one day.
I love museums. I have a collection of museams in my house. How about you?
I would love to see museums. I would like to see the Smith Museum.
That sounds good. What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go out to eat.
I'd like to play chess in the game room, but my apartment does not allow it.
That's a good idea, it's a smart way to save money. Do you know how to use it?
What city are you from? I'm from a small town in the middle east. We have a lot of alley cats here.
Yes I agree, I think that is the best option. What do you do for a living?
I love coffee shops!  I like all kinds of caffeine.  Do you prefer hot or cold?
Colorado seems like a nice place to visit. I've never been. What do you like doing there?
I like to write poetry about things I don't know. I'm a college student.
I like kisses, but I don't like to kiss people.  I prefer to dance.  
That's cool. I like the old school hand washing machines. What do you like to do?
I like to use a cupboard when I work out.  It is a great way to get in shape.
That sounds like fun! What do you like to do for fun? I like watching TV and eating.
That's a good choice.  Do you like to read?  I love reading.  I've been reading a lot lately.
I like shopping at Sam's Club because they are usually cheaper than the super markets I go to.
I would put it in my office drawer. That would be nice to have a pencil to erasers on my desk.
I would have to say it is safe to have a flashing light on your computer, especially if it has a battery in it.
I would have a hard time decorating a shark. I would love to see it in the ocean.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are okay.  Are you okay now?
Oh, I see.  Do you have a preference for either gender, or do you prefer male or female?
I would have a hard time decorating an apartment.  Do you have a favorite?  I like to decorate.
I'd probably put it in the pocket I'd like to use it for hiking or fishing
I like competitions, but I don't have the time. How about you?  What is your favorite thing to do?
Hi! I like to go out to eat and chat with friends. What about you? Do you have any pets?
That sounds nice. I love bowling. It's so peaceful and quiet. What do you do for a living?
I like to go to the local grocery store, it's cheaper than buying ingredients at the store. 
That is terrible! What did he do to the victim? I am so sorry you had to go through that.
I like to garden on the beach.  What do you do for fun?  I grow vegetables and fruit.
I'm a big fan of scrutching my head. What do you do for fun? 
What are some of your favorite foods?  I love Mexican, but I've never had it.
That is funny. I love to play the piano and I also love listening to music.
I like to watch a lot of movies.  Do you like any?  What do you like to do for fun?
That's a good idea!  I think I'll do that next time, thanks!  Do you have any animals?
I would like to visit one day.  Do you have a favorite place in Canada?  I have always wanted to go.
I love watching baseball. It is my favorite sport. What about you, what are your hobbies?
What are some of the problems?  Is there anything that you would like to tell me about yourself?
I'm sorry you had to go through that! Did you ever feel that way about him? 
I'm sorry to hear that. What happened to you? Are you okay? Are there any other options?
What do you like to read? I like to go for long walks on the beach.
I love mixed drinks, I like lemon or lime flavored. What is yours?
I like the bee house. I like to grow my own bee. What do you like to do for fun?
Good choice! I would store it in my house too. Do you like to go to school?
I think she was more worried about the environment than the environment.  What about you, what are you up to?
That's interesting. I've never heard of such a thing. Is there anything I can tell you?
I like yellow. It is one of the primary colors of pigments in the visible light.
That's an interesting question. How do you feel about the graveyards? I don't think I could handle them.
That's interesting. Do you know any good questions for me? I'm not sure if I can choose.
That is a good point. I am not sure I would be able to find it. I will have to make sure I do.
Quarry is the most populated city in Greece right? What city is it in?
That is a good point. I think it will be a good thing when it becomes fully illegal.
I love baseball. I love to watch the games with my friends and family. What game are you watching?
I love mart. Do you have a favorite restaurant?  I like all kinds of food.
That's a good point.  I think I'll do the same.  What do you think I should buy?
I'm not sure what I will do. I'll probably get up and get some more sleep.
I am very sorry to hear you had to deal with that. Have you tried talking to a therapist?
Good advice!  I'll have to try that.  I have trouble waking up in the morning.  Do you have any suggestions?
I would love to go there. I would like to see the tallest one in the world.
I would probably wash my clothes.  I don't think I could do that.   
That is interesting. What is your favorite food? Mine is sushi. It is my favorite.
I am sorry to hear about your health.  Have you ever suffered from a heart attack?
I'm the same way. I eat too much, and drink too much. But I try to stay away from that.
Cotton or ginger?  I have no idea what you mean by that.  Do you know what it is?
I love to fish.  I've never been fishing before but I'd love to.  Do you like it?
I agree, relaxing is the most important thing. What are some of your favorites? 
I do not know much about you, but do you? What do you like to do for fun?
I like the sound of electric motor.  I have a Detroit Era.  Have you heard of it?
I like the court.  The only thing I don't like is the crowed venue.
I think that's a good idea.  I don't know if I could do it without spending it!
I think I will choose a hotel that has no room for people who are not there. What is your favorite hotel?
I love tuna fish! I have some in my garden. Do you have any favorites?
What is a restaurant called?  I'm not sure I've heard of it.  I'll have to give it a try.
I like to use the green dollar.  It is the most common currency in the world. 
I like to smile.  I think that's the best way to go.  Do you have any hobbies?
I love the zoo. I go all the time. What about you? Are you a zoo fan?
The receptionist at a hotel is always there for you. They can answer the phone too.
That's a good one too.  I love Star trek!  Have you ever watched it?
The Missisippi river is one of my favorite rivers in the world.  It is also one of the longest river in the United States.
I like to play poker. I like that there are different variations. What is your favorite?
That is interesting.  Do you like to take drugs?  I like them.  What's your favorite?
That is a good point. I think that would make her feel more motivated and energetic.
I love the outdoors.  What kind of work do you do outdoor activity?
I love the maze, but I'm scared of heights.  How about you?  Do you like running?
I would like to visit the mountains one day.  It would be nice for hiking.
I like knots, but I'm more of a tablet gamer, so I prefer to use them for gaming.
That sounds like a good choice.  I'm sure that would be a nice place for business meeting.
That's unfortunate. Maybe you can find a new hobby. I like to read. 
I love to play in marching bands. What type of music do you play?  
What are some of your favorite music genres? I like rock music, especially classical. 
I love Texas.  I went to Texas once when I was younger.  It was beautiful. 
I agree. I have been working on getting a promotion. I feel like I am going to get it. 
I love fishing.  It's one of the most relaxing things I do.  What do you do for fun?
Oh, I see. I think I'll have to check that out. What type of music do you like?
I like travelling, but I've never been on a plane before. What's the point to go?
I'm sorry. I know it can be hard to find healthy options.  Do you have any suggestions?
I'm not sure if I want to choose one, but I think I'd have to say a rocks.
I love to cook.  What are some of your favorite dishes to make with cattle?
That is so unfortunate. I hope you didn't lose it. I have never had a chicken. 
Soccer is a great sport, especially with the World Cup coming up!  Do you have a favorite team?
That sounds like a good time.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like to go out for dinner with my friends.
I have always been interested in marathons.  I am not sure if I can make it.
I think that's a good question. I don't think I've ever had a carpet in the house before.
That sounds great.  I love hockey games.  Do you have a favorite sport?  I'm a big fan of Hockey.
Ketchup is a condiment that can be used on a wide variety of meats.
Hi, do you know anyone who has a mailbox? It is a place to send mail.
Coal is a good way to heat your coals. What are some of your top choices?
I think that would be a good idea.  What is your favorite food?  Mine is chicken wrap.
That's a good color! I like white milk, but I'm not sure if it's the best.
I have never been to mars, but I have been interested. I know they have a large farm there.
I'm from Michigan.  It's the 3rd most populous state in the US.
How did you get into video games?  What games do you like?  I enjoy playing video games.
I would have to say that I would go to a store that sells it. I don't know what to do with it.
What do you do for a living? I am a programmer and I love it!  
I love the summer weather!  It's so nice out today!  Do you like the outdoors?
Speaking of speeding, I've been trying to get into the city, I don't want to get a warning
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go to amusements. 
That's interesting, I've never been to the countryside. Do you have any suggestions? 
I like reading, especially non-fiction. How about you? What is your favorite book by Joseph Heller?
Hey there, I'm from a small town in Idaho, where do you live? 
I would say that physical contact is a great way for a bond. What do you like to do in your spare time?
How do you feel about your students?  I think they deserve better teachers than their students.  
What is your favorite food? Mine is candy but I love sweets. I also love candy.
How many languages do you speak?  I speak Spanish, French, Italian, German, and English.
I think you should shop at Aerie because they are the largest retailers in the world.
Oh, that's cool.  I love eating out.  What is your favorite fast food restaurant?
I love going to museums, especially historical ones, especially the ones from the past.
I have never been to Michigan, but I hear its nice.  I would love to go to a bar and meet new people.
That's a good idea, I will have to do that. Thanks for the idea! What is your favorite thing to do for fun?
I love the office.  I have been there for a few years.  It's a great place to work!
That's a good one. I have a lot of razors in my house.  I like to use them for traveling.
I've always wanted to visit London. I think it's one of the most populous cities in the US.
I agree. It is very sad. The human population has been declining since the 1980s.
I love the outdoors, but I have never been out of the country. What do you like to do?
How are you doing today? I am just sitting here listening to some music. What is your favorite kind?
I love the country.  I have always wanted to go to Georgia.  Have you ever been?
I like to listen to music while driving. I love driving around in the countryside. What do you like to do?
What is a family room? I've never heard of it, what kind of room do you have?
That's a good question.  I'm not sure which one I'm going to choose for.
I hate when teachers do that, especially in a test.  I would have been upset if they did it to me.
I like to read. It's my favorite past time. I also love to read books in my spare time.
That sounds interesting. I'd like to know where the police are located. What do you do for a living?
I like to eat alone.  How about you?  What do you like to do for fun? 
I think I'll just go for a walk or run. Do you like horses? 
Oh, I see.  I have never seen it but it sounds good.  Is it good?
I think I will go with the best option. I'm not sure if they can make it through the legal process though.
I like to use fountains to get away with the rain. I don't like the water.
Hi. I love to pick up mail. What is your favorite kind of mail service?  
Yes, the word "wilderness" was first used in the 1490s. 
I have never been to a cafe. I like going to the mall though. It is a great place to learn.
I love hotels.  I would love to go back and stay in one.  How about you?
That is a good choice, it is very calming to be able to fall asleep. Do you listen to music?
That sounds really good.  I would love to see a concert.  What type of music do you play?
How do you feel about using deoorant on your own bathroom? Do you like it?
I think that's a good choice. I would go to a salon that specializes in hair styling, waxing, and pedicures.
I love my office cabinets.  Do you have any favorite office items to collect? 
I like to grow my own apples in my backyard.  I have a big garden in my house.
I'm glad you're there. I'm a dental hygienist myself. Do you have a preference?
I love greenhouse, it's so peaceful. I love to grow vegetables, fruits, and herbs.
That is a good idea. I would like to have a helicopter, because I like to wear them.
I have never heard of a lawyer. I will have to look into it. I have heard lawyers work hard and are very smart.
That is a good idea, it would be good to be able to find a place that is comfortable for you.
I am so sorry to hear that. I know that's a hard situation to be in. What is your profession?
I love to travel. I love the outdoors!   What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?
What do you do for a living? I work as a cashier. I hate the boredom.
I am from a rural area. It is nice to be able to get away from the city.
That is tough. Have you ever exercised in a gym before? It is a great way to get your body in shape.
I love pictures of the outdoor scenery.  What do you like to do? 
I like to wash my hands.  It makes me feel clean.  Do you have any pets?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever had to do a long homework?
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go to the beach.
I agree.  She was charged for taking care of the child.   I am glad to hear her was taken care of.
That would be cool. What kind of car do you drive?  I love my Chevy.
I am sorry to hear that. It is always good to know you are doing well. Do you have any hobbies?
I'm sorry, that's a tough choice.  What do you think about it?  I don't know if there's a way to prove it.
I like numbers.  I would like to be able to solve problems.  Do you have a favorite?
What do you mean?  Are you talking about a broken bone in a wrestling match?
I agree, the fact that he was the founder of the Church makes him a great leader.
I like to go to the bookstores.  It can be very relaxing.  What are your favorite books?
What is a good question for you.  Are you a student?  I would like to know.
I love pizza. It is one of the best things to have around the world.  Do you like pizza?
I like the recycle center, where do you like to go to recyclclling?
I would love to visit the desert, but I would not want to see it. I would rather see a ball gazel.
I like to sing, but I don't think I could play an instrument.  I love to sing though.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you get better soon.  What do you like to do for fun?
I would like to get a new chair.  I have a hard time finding one.  Do you have a preference?
I like explosions, but I don't like fires that quickly, I prefer fireworks that can be controlled by the fire.
I'm so sorry. That's terrible. I hope you didn't have to suffer from it.
That's a good choice.  I think I'd go with the trash can.  It's important to keep it clean.
I agree. I think he's a little too smart for his age. I don't think I could handle his attitude.
That is a good choice, I would love to go to a race track one day.  Do you like racing?
That's a good question. I'd probably go to the store and see if I could find it.
I think I will pick the most common one. I love the Smithsonian museums!
I love yellow page. It is the color of my room.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's a good question.  I'd like to know how many times I've been in a palace.
I love beef. It is the most commonly consumed meat in the world.   
Civility is good, but I think it is better to be polite and civil. 
I am sorry to hear that.  Have you ever had to deal with those?  I hope you can overcome it.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a favorite game to play? Mine is chess.
I like the fact that it has an optical effect called Rayleigh scattering.
What color is your hair? Mine is brown and I like to keep my hair a blonde.
I don't think I could do it.  I'm sure he would be a better man than I am.
What type of work are you referring to? I am not familiar with fish trafficking. 
That is great. I am happy that you have such a large family. I love having a huge family.
I like to think of it as the "best city in Michigan".  I would have loved to visit.
That sounds nice. I would love to own my own home one day. What do you do for a living?
I love Hubcaps! I like them with whiskey and cream cheese. What about you?
I am sure he is proud of you for doing it.  I know that it is a difficult test to do.
Yes, that is the best part of typing is that it requires quick reflexes. 
I'm not sure if you are referring to the human body or the animal, but I know that the human brain has a variety of functions.
I like your style of thinking.  I have never been to school.  Is it expensive?
I live near the Gulf of Mexico. I love the beaches. I also like to fish. 
Do you like to use it in the shower? I do. It's a lot better than a bottle of tooth paste.
I love a good cup of coffee.  Do you like coffee?  What kind of coffee do you like?
That's a great idea! I love playing hockey in my spare time, it's one of my favorites.
I'm a big fan of Danny Trebek. He's my favorite actor.  
I love the sound of his voice. It's one of my favorites. What do you like to do for fun?
Yes, it is a good choice to read about. I also like to read the history books.
I like to put salt on my salad but not on my eggs. I like the texture.
That's awesome.  I love gardening.    What do you like to grow?
That is a good idea to start off. I would go to the store and get some food.
What is your favorite thing to wash? I love washes and I always wash them before I go to bed.
You know, I don't really like gas stations.  I prefer to go to the city.
What kind of music do you play? I like jazz music. What kind do you like?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you recover. Do you have any other hobbies?
Hi! I just got back from my first Jump Race! How about you? What do you do?
I love dogs. I have a pitbull and a chihuahua. I also have a beagle.
Yes, you're probably right.  The best thing about being awake at night is being able to see the stars.
Hi! I am a huge fan of art. Do you like it? I love to create abstract art.
I love to play board games. I love how they can be played with all the other people.
That is a good point. I am not sure if I have ever seen a human waterfall.
I think I would like to learn how to play the violin.  What would you do with it?
I like quiet. I like to go out to eat on the weekends. Do you like to cook?
Yes. I'm sure she will love it.  I love decorating.  What kind of things do you like to do?
I like grocery stores. I like the big ones like Sam's Club, Walmart, etc.
I have never done that, I would be too scared to try it. I would probably try jumping over a rugby ball.
I love NASASA, but I think they're a little overprotective.
I'm sorry to hear.  I hope it doesn't hurt too much.  Have you ever been in a bad accident?
That sounds like a good idea. What is the backpack? I will check it out. 
I'm sorry. I'm glad you're feeling better though. I hate having a headache.
That's awesome. I wish I could learn. I've never done it. How do you like it?
I'm not sure if I want to be a lawyer or judge, but I think that would be interesting to be in a court.
Body decays are horrible and scary. What would you do if you had to go to the doctor?
Friends can be good friends, but I'm not sure if I want to hang out with you.
What is your favorite vegetable? Mine is potatoes and corn chips. I like them all.
I think that a corralral california is a beautiful place. I would love to visit someday.
That's cool. I like singing but I'm not good at it. What kind of songs do you like to sing?
I have never heard of handglade feet. I'll have to look into those for sure. 
What do you mean? What is your favorite food to make? I love spicy curry.
Hi there. How was your weekend? I just got back from a run. I love to run.
That is a really good choice.  Do you have a bench bench?  I like bench seats because they are so comfortable.
I'm a big fan of lobster, I love it.  Do you like seafood?
I think it would be a good choice to have a choice of suit.  What kind of suit are you going to wear?
I love the clouds, they're so beautiful.  Do you have a favorite?  I like to watch them when I can.
It seems to be the most populous metropolitan area in the world.  I wonder how that would affect traffic.
What do you do for a living?  I am a teacher at a high school.  What are you up to?
I like shopping at Sam's Club.  I like to buy my drums there.  What else do you like to do?
That is interesting. What is the case about? Is it a crime or a murder case? 
I would love to have a sewing machine but I don't have the time right now. I have a couple of small knives though.
I have never been but I hear it is a great place.  Do you have any other interesting facts about it?
Yes, I agree. I don't like the taste of them, so I always use them for their edible seeds.
Hello, how are you tonight? I just got back from the bar with some friends. How is it going?
Chickens are a good source of eggs and are one of the most common types of meat in the world.
That's a good question. What is your opinion on abortion? Do you think the government should abstain from it for any reason?
I guess I'm not the only one.  I like to think of it as a positive thing. 
That sounds like fun. Do you have any pets?  I love dogs, I have one myself.
The subway is my favorite subway, I love the fact that it's open 24/7.
That sounds like a good choice.  Do you have a choice of travel destination?  
I love Chickens.  I love that they can live in so many different environments. 
That sounds like me.  What do you like to do in your spare time?  I like to learn new things.
What kind of kitchen do you work in?  I work in the office of a hotel. 
That sounds good.  I think I will go fishing with my son.  Do you have any hobbies?
That's a great choice. What kind of neighborhood do you live in? I'm in a rural area and I love it here.
Hi how are you today?  I am good. Do you have any plans for the weekend?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you're alright.  What is the cause of the crime?
I would love to go to the art show. I love the art of decorating. 
I like the game plan. It can be very stressful. What are you planning on doing?
What are some of your favorite foods? I love mexican food. I like thai and Chinese
Hello, how are you doing? I am good, just finished my workout and now I am relaxing.
I think it would be a good question to ask for. He was the leader of the team. I think he was very important.
I like to go to the mountains and listen to rock music on the weekends.  Do you have any favorite bands?
I love to grow food, but it's hard for me to grow it all. I need more vegetables. 
Self-discipline is a great way to be skeptical. Do you believe in it?
I like church, but I'm not very religious. I'm more of a reader. 
What is your favorite type of car? I really love the Chevy Impala, it's one of the most fuel efficient cars out there.
Good choice. I'd probably go for a Ben and Jerry's, or Dennis Miller.
I think I will choose the best option, because I am not sure what I am going to do.
I would love to visit Texas. It seems like it would be a nice change from here. I'd love to see the Grand Tetons.
Hello, how are you doing tonight? I'm from the south. I love the outdoors!
I love shopping for good food.  It's one of my favorite activities.  I love the variety of options available.
That's a good choice. I love chocolate, but my favorite is dark chocolate.  Do you prefer it dark?
What city are you from?  I'm from Houston.  What do you mean by "county fair"?
That's interesting!  I'm a huge fan of water.  I've been to the beach a few times.  How about you?
I am not sure if this is a friend. What do you think? I have no friends.
I love food so much.  I love all kinds.  What about you?  Do you eat?
Pizza is a traditional Italian dish consisting of yeasted flatbread typically topped with tomato sauce and cheese
I think I'm going to make a batch of bread.  Do you bake?  I like to try new things.
I agree.  I would rather save money on my money.  Do you have any other options?
I like forest.  I love the outdoors, especially in the winter.  Do you have any animals?
How do you feel about painting? I love painting. It is my favorite subject in school.
Coffee is my favorite.  I like a good cupboard.  What is yours?
That's unfortunate.  I'm sure you'll be alright.  You can always adopt a baby from a shelter.
I like to read the classics like "The Cat in the Hat", what about you?
That's interesting, I've never heard of a cd player. What kind of music do they play?
I know what you mean, it's always good to find a way to get what you want.
I love playing the piano.  What kind of music do you play?  I play guitar.
That's so true.  It makes me feel nostalgic.  I wish I had more time for things I used to enjoy.
Alcohol is the best.  I love to drink.  What about you?  Do you like alcohol?
That's interesting, what kind of theater is it?  I love theater.  It's a great way to bring people together.
I think I like the rain. I love the sound of rain. It's one of the best things in the world.
I love food! I'd love to go to a restaurant that serves all types of mexican food, but I'm afraid of spicy food.
Hiking is one of my favorite things to do, especially in the fall. What about you?
What do you do for work?  Do you have any other hobbies or interests?  I like to read.
I have a hard time decorating a bathroom. Do you have any special needs? I do.
What do you mean by exploitation? I am a student, and I do not think I understand.
I like the science and math. What about you? What do you do in your spare time?
I love fruit basket basket.    What is your favorite fruit?  Mine is apple.
I would go with a lantern, but I have no idea where to look.  Do you have a favorite?
I don't think I have ever been in a situation where I had to defend myself. How do you feel about the police?
You are right. I have a feeling that I would be ok. Do you think I should go to a doctor?
Oh, that's a good one! I love that he pulled it open! What did he get?
I like to learn, and I have learned a lot from my past experiences.  What do you like to do?
I hate that. What do you do for a living?  I'm a programmer. 
That's awesome. I've always wanted a home. What kind of home do you own? Do you have room for pets?
That's awesome. What kind of music do you like? I love listening to rock music. It's my favorite genre.
Capitol is a great city to visit. I have never been to a city in my life. 
Yes, I agree with you on that. I also have a healthy body. It is good that we have good health.
I love to go to the bathroom, but I hate the noise.  It drives me nuts!
I would love to be a police officer, I think I'd be a good one to patrol the community.
I love horses, but I am a carnivore. I love steaks.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sure you were really frustrated. I hate when that happens.
I think I'll get it right. What kind of car do you like? I love the Ford Falcon.
I like to take my kids to the airport.  It is a great public place. 
I'm glad it was easy to answer your question. How do you feel about the teacher? 
That is a good point. I have never had an interest in science. What do you do for work?
I'm not sure if I should go to dinner yet. I have a hard time eating fish.
I would love to visit a state park. I have never been to a cemetic park.
I'd like to go to a bus station but I don't know where to find the couch I'm staying. 
I can understand why you would be so scared of war. What is your favorite thing about it?
I think I will just sit on the couch and think of the good things.   What are you doing?
I like to talk about things that I don't know about, such as what's going on in the world.
That's awesome. I love music, especially country music. What kind of music store is it?
I have never been to a lake. I have been to the ocean. I love the water.
I would probably put it in my pocket, but I don't think it would fit on the cabinets.
What is the question? What do you like to do for fun? I like baked goods.
Yes, it is beautiful.  It was a bit chilly here.  I love the weather!
That's awesome! I would love to visit the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
That's great to hear.  Childbirth is a big part of a lot of people's lives.
I'm not sure if I would have gotten caught.  I don't see the point of doing it.
What is your major?  I am a teacher at a local university. What do you study?
I would love that! It would be great to have a reliable one for my kids! Do you have any?
I like hockey, I like how it is played on a rectangular court. What is your favorite game?
I'm sorry you feel that way. I'm not sure if I could have said it better. 
I love bookstores, I go to one all the time. I like to buy new books.
I would say that is a good choice.  I would probably experience that if I had to choose.
I would love to go to a museum and see the roots of the vase.
Good luck.  I hope it works out for you.  What is your favorite memory?  Mine is mine is of my childhood.
I like to cuddle with my cat.  She's a rescue.  Do you?
I love going to aquarums.  There are so many different types of fish you can get there!
I have never done that.  I don't have a lot of time for emails.  How about you?
That was a good choice. I would have gone to college.  Do you like poetry?
Yes, it is the most populous urban area in Canada.  It is the third largest city in North America.
I love sharks, especially when they are found in the deep sea.  What about you? 
I like to sing. I have been a singer since I was 5. Do you sing?
Oh I am sorry to hear that. I am glad to hear you are okay! What was the injury?
I would like to hear about the case of the Washington State Department of Justice. Do you know anything about them?
I agree, I would like to be an actor one day but I'm still working on my acting skills.
That's a good point.  I'm glad you asked.  Do you like Canada?  It's the capital and most populous country in the world.
I know what you mean. It can really bring back a lot of memories. What do you like to do for fun?
I love Florida!  I have been to Miami, Florida and Key West.  What's your favorite place in Florida?
I like to go for walks in the mountains.  I like that it's quiet and peaceful.
What is something you like to do for fun?  I am an avid fan of hiking.
Oh, no, that is a shame. I'm not a huge fan of Starbucks coffee myself.
I don't watch much TV, I prefer to read books. What are your favorite shows? 
I love to eat, especially with my family.  What about you?  What do you enjoy?
I like to sing but I'm not very good, I like singing in front of people.
I think that's a good choice.  It's a shame that he had to go through that.
I think it's interesting that war can be traced back to pre-warfare, like in the Middle Ages.
History is very interesting. I like to learn about past events.  What is your favorite history subject?
I like fishing.  It's so peaceful and relaxing.  What about you?
I'm not sure if I want to have a child or not. I guess I will be married.
How do you feel about the fact that the word "little" is a word in the Middle English.
I like to read a good book before bed.  It helps me focus.  What is your favorite book?
Yes, that is a good point. I think it would be a good choice if I had to make one. What is your choice?
I think it would be a great topic for a debate like that. What do you think about this?
I agree.  I'm trying to figure out how to do it.  Do you have any suggestions?
I love to cook, but I am not good at it.  What is your favorite food?
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go to the mall and get food.
I like McDonalds, but I prefer Burger King. I don't really like fast food.
I would love to start a family, how about you?  Are you married?  What do you do for a living?
That's not good, I hope it works out. What's your favorite color? Mine is blue.
Chemistry lab is an interesting subject!  I love that it uses chemical reactions to make things more stable.
I like to eat healthy.  I like vegetables and salads.  What about you?
That's interesting.  What do you do for a living?  Are you a professional chef?
I like to buy hardware at the hardware store.  I have a hard time keeping up with it.
That is very interesting, I would like to try to find out what experiences you have.  Do you have any?
James was the leader of the army. He was in charge of the armies. What do you do for fun?
I have never gotten sick before. I am sorry to hear that! I hope you recover soon!
I have always wanted to visit Africa.  I think I would like to see how the culture is.
That's a great choice!  Soccer is a great sport.  What team are you rooting for?
I like chess, and I have a chess chess collection. Do you play chess?
I have a headache as well.  I'm not sure if I can help you. 
That is a good question. I think the teacher is always the best. What is your favorite subject?
That's a good choice. What is your favorite kind of classroom? I like the quiet.
Software is my favorite. I love how it is so versatile. What do you think?
The word "pioneers" was first documented in the 10th century in Latin.  
That would be interesting. I have never been to a concert but have been to the movies.
I would like to study apes and see what they think, but I am scared of them.
Yes, I agree. What is your favorite dish? I am a sucker for spicy food.
That's too bad.  Do you have any hobbies? I like to play video games.
I have never been to the eastern part of the United States. I have been to Canada.
I like to learn. Do you?    What do you like to do in your spare time?
I have a fear of heights so I would have to say that I wouldn't feel too bad about it
I love eating out.  I love making my favorite, Taco Bell.  What is your favorite restaurant in the world?
What is your favorite color? Mine is red. I love red. It's my favorite color.
That's awesome! I love to learn about things. What are some of your favorite subjects?
I think you're right, it's always good to be able to get your mind off of things that you are passionate about.
I like water gardening. What about you? I love to garden. What do you like to do?
I think he is a great person and I would love to have a conversation with him about this.
That's interesting.  Do you have any hobbies? I love to swim.  I like to go for long walks on the beach.
I agree with you. I like to hang out with my friends. We all get to know each other.
I like kisses too. What about you? Do you think you will kiss another one in the future?
I love music. It is a beautiful way to communicate. What kind of music do you like?
I can see.  I like to use my phone for phone calls.  What is your favorite phone?
That is scary. I would say that you are more likely to have a panic attack than fear.
I don't think I've ever seen a human blood bank. What do they look like? 
I like to use the library to check out new books.  What do you do for a living?
I agree. I would love to see her in person. What is her name? I have never been out of the country.
I have never been to a hotel room that has a hotel attached to it. I wonder if they have any in a hotel.
That is a shame. I would be very upset. I'm sorry you had to go through that.
That's interesting. What are some of your favorite things to eat? I'm a big foodie.
I like the idea of a plug-in electric fan. I like that you don't have to rely on a computer to use it.
I think that's a good choice.  Do you prefer night or do you prefer the darker nights?
I love coffee. I also love a good espresso or cappuccino.
I love going to the gym, especially in the winter.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's great!  What did you do for a living?  I'm an accountant.
Oh I've never been there, but I hear it is beautiful.  I'd love to go one day.
I would like to see some mountains. The Appalachian National Scenic Trail is the highest mountain in Africa.
I love the central park. I love seeing all the cool stuff. Do you go there much?
Oh, I love restaurants. I love going to restaurants that specialize in a specific type of food.
That sounds like a good choice.  I like shopping for new apples and vegetables.  What about you?
I like vegetables but I don't think I'd eat them.  I'm a vegan.
I have never been to a post office before, but I would love to go one day.  I think it is important to know where you are going.
I like to bring my plane with me to the airport.  I usually bring my bag of toilet paper.
I love sharing files.  It's the greatest way to share information.  What is your favorite?
I love learning new things.  How about you?  What do you like to do on your spare time?
That is interesting. What type of exercise does he do? Aerobic? History?
I agree. I think that's important to have that freedom in our society. What about you?
That is too bad. I'm sorry. Did you try to find another way to get it done?
I'm a big fan of him. He was a great leader in the military. He did a great job.
That is so scary. Do they have to be kept as indoor pets, or are they kept inside?
What is your favorite kind of chair to sit in? I like a good chair, but I like the couch too.
That's a bummer! I've never been able to get used to slip, but I know it can be embarrassing.
State park is beautiful and so is a national park. I would love to visit one day. What state are you from?
I would have been so angry if that happened to me. I hate when they do that to other people.
I have never owned a house. I'd like to though.   What do you do?
I can imagine that, I have worked with a lot of people and it can get exhausting. 
I have been there before.  They have great deals on drugs and medications.  Do you like them?
I like the outdoors. I like to go to the mountains. What is your favorite thing to do?
I like to make my coffee with whiskey.  Do you have a favorite drink? 
That's so unfortunate. I'm sorry. I hope they get it resolved soon.
I like to think so.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like creating things.
What breed do you have? I have a German shepherd. He's a rescue.
Wow, that's a lot of weight. Are you in a relationship?  I've never met anyone like that.
I know what you mean.  I've done that a lot.  Do you have a job?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can get a new car soon. I have never driven a car before.
Oh my gosh, you are right.  I was thinking of bowling.  What kind of doctor do you want to be?
That would be a very nice place to stay.  Do you have a hotel?  I've always wanted to stay there.
I like roses.  I like the red ones the most.  What is your favorite color?
I think I would have done the same thing!  It would have been embarrassing to have to walk in the middle of the day.
That sounds like a good idea.  I will make that for sure.  What are some of your options?
I like sailing on the water, so I think I'd go out on a boat. 
That is great! I love playing the pianos. I also like to sing. Do you play any instruments?
Oh I see.  I like to cook but I am not good at it.  What do you like to eat?
Yes, it is. I love outdoor activities. I like to go hiking, camping, and swim.
Congratulations! How long have you been engaged?   I have never met anyone like that. 
I love to listen to rap music.  I'm a big fan of Kurt cobain.
Oh that's a good one. Do you have any hobbies? Mine is working on a motorcycle.
I like to cook for people, especially my two best friends. What do you like to do for fun?
I can relate! I have a headache, but I can't stop thinking about it.
That sounds horrible.  I'm glad I've never suffered from it.  Have you ever had to deal with it?
I like horror movies!  I love the thrill of a good scare!  What's your favorite?
Oh wow, I've never been there, but I bet it's really pretty. I've been to Canada.
I would go with safety glasses or contacts. I have a hard time seeing in the dark.
I agree, but I think it is important to have a healthy lifestyle. I like to think I'm a good person.
I like to go for walks in the park. I usually just go for a bike ride.
That is great. You must be very smart.  I love to create art.  Do you have any hobbies?
I don't watch a lot of TV, but I like to watch shows with a good plot.
What about a cheeseburger?  I like cheeseburgers.  I think I could make one.
What do you do for work? I'm a trainer. I work for a big company. I love my job.
That's good to know.  It's good that you're feeling better.  I'm a bit overweight myself.
I have an idea of what you are talking about.  Are you a real estate agent?
I would like to go to Whitehouse, it is the worlds largest museum.  It is the largest in the world.
I do not think I would ever do that. I am a little scared of the outdoors.
I would like to know the answer, but I am not sure I can find one that is right.
I like museums too, I love all kinds of musems. What do you like to do in your spare time?
That's a really good idea! Do you have a bag of groceries that are in there?
That's a tough choice.  I guess it depends on where you're from.  Where would you recommend to move?
I like french doors, I like the design of the door.  What do you like doing?
I know what you mean.  It's always good to have a backup.  Have you ever had to go through something like that?
Yes, I have always been interested in fences. What type of fences do you like?
Oh, no.  Why is that?  I don't like irritating people.  I'm sorry you're feeling that way.
I love dirt! I like to grow it in my garden. What do you like doing?
I would love to visit England. I love the architecture. Do you like it there?
I love Michigan.  I went to Grand Rapids, Michigan State and spent a lot of time there.
Michigan is a great place to live.  It's the third-largest in the US.
I love the classroom. It is the best part of being in school. What do you study?
What type of job do you want to have? I work at a restaurant. What do you do?
That's interesting, what do you think about the fact that marmotts are native to the Americas?
I don't know much about terrorism, but I do know the government is trying to get rid of it.
Hi there, how are you? I like jewels too, I have a few myself.
I have never been to Asia, but it is on my bucket list! What part of the world are you from?
Oh my, that sounds awful.  Do you know anyone who might be in jail?  I hope you're okay.
That's a good point.  It's always good to have options for the best.  What's your favorite thing to do for fun?
You are a good person, I like that. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue.
I agree, I like to spend time with my cat. What about you? Do you have pets?
That's a good choice. I'm sure it'll go smoothly.  What do you do for a living?
I've been to London, England. It is the capital and largest city in the United States.
I've never been to Montana, but have been to Maine. It's the second-largest state in the US.
I would like to go to a concert with my friends. It is a great place to go.
I like the idea of having a bee on deck. I like that it can be used for beekeeping.
I think that is a good idea, but I am not sure I could give up my faith.
I love my outhouse, it's a huge household for me. What do you like to do for fun?
What are you doing today? I'm going to go out with friends. Do you have any plans?
That's interesting, I'm not a fan of competitions. What do you do for a living?
What are you going to see? I love dinosar bones! What are your interests?
That's cool.  I have a book in my closet.  Have you ever been to one?
What are you going to school for?  I am in school.  I have never been to a college.
I have never had my own dental care profession before.  How long have you had your dentistry?
Colorado is the 4th-most populous state in the United States and the third-largest state by area in the U.S.
I think I will just stay at home and read a good book. I have never heard of meditation.
Yes, I agree. I am a bit of a shy person so I avoid eye contact.
I love deserts! I live in a desert in the desert. What about you?
That's cool. I think I will go with my boss. He seems like a nice guy.
I'm glad you're motivated to get up early!  What's your favorite thing to do on the weekend?
Violas are beautiful. I like that viola can be played in a wide variety of musical genres.
I think that's a good choice! Do you like apples? I love them!  
I like to do my laundry. What do you do for a living? I work in a hospital.
I like to go to the bathroom. I like how clean it is. What is your favorite?
Good luck!  I'm sure you will get it.  I know you'll do it!
That's a great choice! I've never been, but I'd love to visit one day.
That's good advice.  I will try to make it work.  What is your favorite thing to do in your free time?
That is terrible. I am sorry.  I hope you are okay!  Do you have any pets?
What is your favorite type of beer?  I like beer, but my favorite is beer. 
That's good advice. I'll have to do that.  What are some of the things you like to do in your spare time?
I agree. I think it would be a good time to teach them how to be better at math.
I like cats, I like them for companionship, but I'm allergic to them.
That's interesting. Do you think they would have gotten along with each other? I wonder if they had gotten along.
That's a good idea. I think I'll have to try that. What do you recommend?
I like bathing, I just don't like wearing pants. I prefer a swimming suit.
What is a "cluster" ?  Is it an optical effect called "clustrophobia"?
Hi there.  I love massachuetts.  Have you ever been?  It's the capital of the world.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it's not illegal to travel to other countries.
I am not sure if I should. I am a little scared of what could happen to me.
I love to cook but I have never been to a grocery shop before. I'd love to see how they do it.
I like to help others, especially when they need it.  What do you do?  
I would have a hard time getting the right answer.  I would probably go for a barrell.
What kind of gardening do you like to do? I like to garden. What do you do for fun?
I love to run! It is one of my favorite things to do. What do you do for fun?
I'm sorry to hear that! I would not want to have to deal with that! Have you ever been in a serious crime?
That's a great idea! Do you have a preference for washing machines or do you prefer machines? 
I love French fries. I like ketchup and ranch dressing. What about you?
I love to learn. What do you do for a living?  I am a teacher. 
That is a good idea. It's a great place to get a good meal. What kind of food do you like to eat?
I like to think that I'm the only one who doesn't like my sister. I think I like her. I don't know why.
Hello! I just got back from the gym! How are you? I am just getting ready to bake a cake.
I like to go for long distance running on trails. I think I will try a sprint.
I love reading, especially when I am not working on my novel.  I also love to write.
That sounds like an adventure. I would love to go to Japan and see some of the historical places.
I think it's good to get a good look at the world.  It's important to be able to recognize things that aren't true.
I like to play the piano, but it is hard to find songs to play in my family.
I'm sorry to hear that. I've been trying to lose weight. I just have to find the motivation to lose.
San Diego is the best! It is a great place for Mexican cuisine.
I like to sleep in my own house.  What do you like to do for fun? 
Oh wow! That sounds like something you would be very interested in. I would have done the same thing.
Hello! How are you today? I just got home from work. I was thinking about going out for a date.
I love that you have a bathroom. It is my favorite. What do you do for a living?
I love roast, I make it often with beef, pork, chicken, veggies, seafood.
I think I'm going to go to school for computer science.  What kind of computer are you using to chat with your friends?
I am a junior in high school. I am going to college. What do you want to do?
I love beer.  I like the hops and gravy.  Do you like beer?
Food is always good.  What do you like to eat?  Do you travel much?
Yes, I agree. I think that is one of the best options.  What would you choose?
What are you studying in university? I'm currently studying at the University of Tennessee.
I would like to visit a zoo in my area. I would love to see some reptiles.
What is your favorite subject in school? Mine is English.    Do you have any pets?
I like the color green. It's my favorite color.  What is your favorite color? 
I love flatulance.  I can't wait until it's winter again.  It's so hot here.  How about you?
That's a good point. I think that is the best answer.  What is your favorite part about living in a house?
I have no idea what the answer is, but it seems that it is in a big facility.
How do you feel about Trump? He is a Republican and has been in the White House for quite some time.
I would probably put it in the fridge, I like to keep mine cold. Do you like ice cream?
That's interesting. How many people do you have in your garage? Do you have any other hobbies?
I think I'm good.  I'm not sure what I would win.  Do you think you can win?
I have never been to Asia.  It's on my bucket list though.  Do you have any suggestions?
What do you do for a living? I'm a veterinarian. I've seen a lot of cows.
That's a good point.  I think it's good that you have some kind of support for that.
That sounds interesting. I like the idea of cooling off. Do you like to go to the pool?
I like to eat breakfast, especially pancakes and sesame street.  What about you?
I think I'm going to choose the right option, but I'm not sure I'm sure I'll do the right choice.
Hockey is my favorite sport. I like watching it on television. I also love to watch it on tv.
Oh I like wings! I have a pet bird, but I don't have any other pets.
I love to go to state parks. They are very pretty. What do you like to do for fun?
I like winter better.  The winters are always nice.  What's your favorite season?
I like staples.  I use a lot of different kinds of paper.   I like the ones that are easy to use.
How many kids do you have? I've two myself.  Do you have any kids? 
I'm not sure what I would choose. I would probably go with cookies. What do you like to do for fun?
I like Australia. It's a great place for outdoor activities and the wildlife!
That's so messed up. I'd never do that. I'm glad I don't have to deal with it.
Oh no!  I hope you don't have to wait too long for the race to be over!
What is museums like? I have never been to one. Are they really big? 
I love Frankfurt! It is one of the most populous cities in the U.S. with over 3,000 residents.
How do you feel about war? Do you think we will make a big impact on the country?
That sounds like a good idea.  Do you prefer the home or the store?  I love my home.
Billy's name is Rita Hayworth, and she's a famous singer, dancer and songwriter.
Do you like lemons? They are my favorite fruits! I love to eat them!
That's interesting.  Do you have any children?  I'm married.  My husband and I have three.
Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do for a living?  
I like roon.  I have a lot of friends in college that like him.  What about you?
I would rather not get close to a creek. I have a fear of snakes.
I like to play simulations in my spare time. It helps me get the answers I need.
What is your favorite ice cream?  Mine is the cookie desserts.  Do you have a favorite?
I would like to visit Disneyland one day. Do you know anyone who has been to Disneyland? 
What do you do for work?  I'm a cashier at a grocery store. 
Yes, I am from South America. It is the third-most densely populated country in the world.
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to check that out. Do you know any good shops in your area?
I think I can relate. I've been in several situations where I was deployed.
I would love to know how to play chess.  I'm sure it's a lot more difficult though.
I would like to go to a hospital. I have heard that the health care is very important.
That's a great idea! I'm a big fan of wine and would love to have some right now!
That is very interesting.  I have never been.  Do you like to read?  I like books that are historical.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go out with friends. It is a good opportunity to get to know people.
I have heard of it.  I am sorry you are having to have to deal with that.
I would love to get a new computer but I don't think I can afford one yet. 
I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you in the middle of something?  I know I have been there before.
That's great! Do you have a place in your house? I live in an apartment building and it's pretty small.
That's a great idea. I like to try to learn new things. Do you have any good suggestions? 
Hi, how are you today? I'm doing very well. I hope you are doing well.
That's interesting. Do you know how many times Billy has had to answer the phone? 
I like capitals, I like the historical ones.  What do you like to do for fun?
Horses can be trained to be a lot of fun! I would like to get a cattle farm, but I don't think I could handle the cattle.
Hey how are you doing? I'm good. How about you? What are some of your hobbies?
Oh, that's too bad.  I hope it wasn't too hard to find another hotel to stay.
I like math, so I guess I would say math is my favorite subject.  What do you like to do for fun?
I think I'll just let it go. It's a shame that people can be so careless in their own ways.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are doing well. I have had a few times recently.
I'm an agent. What do you do? Do you have a job? I'm looking for an agent to represent my home.
That sounds nice. What do you do for a living?  I work in a bank. 
I love cats! They make good pets for companionship and their ability to hunt rats.
Oh no, that's so bad.  I hope he recovered quickly.  Did he have to get surgery?
I would love to see that. I have never been able to see it. What is it in?
I like to sit in a park with my dog. He's a big dog. What about you?
I would be so happy if my best friend was my friend.  I love her.  How about you?
I agree.  I am not looking forward to having to work all day.  What about you?
That's a great choice.  What kind of paper would you use?  I like to use a notebook.
Hi, do you have any pets?  I have a dog and he's a sloth.
Bikes are cool, but my favorite is motorcycle. I ride my bike a lot.
I would have to say a forest.  I love forests!  I would be terrified of snakes though.
I love bowling. I would have loved to see a zoo. What is your favorite animal?
I have never been there, but i would like to.  It's a great city.  What's your favorite place to visit?
I'm not familiar with Michigan, but I know it's a state in the US. Do you like it there?
I love computers.  I have one and use it for all kinds of things.  How about you?
I would like to go to a casino and see if I could get a free meal. 
I think I'll go ahead and answer my phone, but I'm scared of the consequences. 
How do you feel about the stock market? I think I will be okay as long as there is growth.
I have a locker that I keep in my locker so I don't have to worry about getting it back.
I love surfing. Do you surf often? I like to surf.  
I like trains. I like them because they can be used for a variety of things. 
What do you like to do to relax?  I love to watch movies.  My favorite movie is Psycho.
That's interesting.  What do you mean by state facts?  I'm a math major.
Hi there, I'm in a small urban dentist office in a rural area.
How do you feel about washing machines? I think that would be a little strange to me.
I love toy stores! What do you like to buy? I like to go to the toy section.
I would like to try it out but I'm afraid of heights. How would that work out?
You are right, it's hard to find good friends. What do you do for fun? I like to go hiking.
Hi there! I'm not sure if I have any more questions. Do you have any? 
I can understand. I think it's a good thing you don't have to worry about it.
I think that's a good choice.  I like to have a healthy lunch.  What do you do for fun?
That sounds good.  I have never been to Idaho.  Do you like it?
Yes! I love art shows! I'd love to see one of those. Do you have any favorite artists?
That's interesting. What kind of church are you referring to?  It's a Christian denomination. 
What are some of your hobbies? I like to go for walks. I like the outdoors and nature.
What is your favorite thing to cook? Mine is grilling. I love to bake. 
Chess is a great game!  I like chess because it is a complex game. 
You are correct.  There are many health benefits from smoking.  Do you like to smoke?
I agree. I'm lazy, so I don't want to be a slacker. 
I love the outdoors!  I love to go camping in the mountains and hike in the forests.
Hi! I'm so glad you're having fun! What's your favorite color? Mine is red
What's the truth? I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can recover your memory.
New York City is the most populous city in the U.S. and it is also the largest city in New York.
I like swimming but I don't swim very often. I prefer to be outside. What do you like to do?
That sounds like a good idea. I will have to think on that.  What do you do for work?
I am glad you are doing well. I am not sure if you will ever find the dog.
That sounds great. Do you have plans for the weekend? I am thinking of doing some gardening.
That is so cool, I would love to have a sliding deck like that!  What do you do for fun?
That's good, I'm glad you're able to help her. I have a friend who has had mental illness, and she's doing well.
That's cool. What do you do for a living? I work with computers. I'm a computer programer.
That sounds like a good idea.  It is nice to have people to talk to.  Do you have any hobbies?
I like stock markets too.  They're a great investment portfolio. 
Oh wow, I don't know much about football but I do know that it's a game played on a rectangular field.
I think I'm gonna have to do some more research. I don't know what to do!
That's great. I like books, especially the classics. How about you? Do you read a lot?
I'm not sure what you mean. What do you mean? Do you think you can control yourself?
I agree, that is a slow down. How long do you think the train will take you to get there?
That's good, what do you do for work?  I work in an office.  I like to stay up late.
It's always good to be optimistic and optimistic about your own decisions.  What do you like to do for fun?
Hi, how are you doing today?  I'm good, thanks for asking.  How are you?
I like to keep my money in my pocket.  I use my credit card to keep it safe.
I love football, but I am a huge fan of football.  Do you have a favorite sport?
That is a great question. I would love to hear more. What is your favorite subject in school?
How did you answer your phone? Do you answer the phone? I have no idea what you are talking about.
I like cats.  I have two myself.  How about you?  What is your favorite?
I like to listen to music while I'm in the shower. It's my favorite!  
What kind of car is it?  I have a Ford F-5.  I love it.
I love backpacking!  I've been to Japan a few times and I love the country.  What's your favorite place to go?
That's great.  What do you do for work?  I work as a receptionist.
I love going to the movies.  I also like to go to the theater with my wife and I.
That is a great option.  I love watching television on the couch.  How many kids do you have?
That's a good point, I should probably get some sleep soon.  What are your goals?
I like the snow, but not in Canada.  We don't see much snow where I live.
Oh, you are a zookeeper? That's really cool. Do you have any pets?
I would put bread in my toaster.  I would also put it in the oven.
I think you are going to wait for your reception to be completed.  What is your choice?
I would go with a t-shirt. I don't want to get cold outside. 
I agree!  The best way to get ahead is to be a good teacher.  What do you teach?
I like Michigan.  I like the lake there.   I also like lake Bills.
What do you do in your spare time? I like to draw and paint. What kind of stuff do you like?
I agree, I think that's the best option. What is your favorite food? Mine is chocolate.
I love compost.  I use it to make a lot of furniture.  What do you like to do for fun?
I'm a big fan of James. He is the CEO of Pepsi. He's been in the industry for a while.
Oh, that's a good idea, I'll have to look into that.  I have a lot in mind.
I would have to agree with you.  My childhood was scary.  But now we have our own children and we go to a private school.
I like to drive in the countryside.  It's peaceful and quiet.  What about you?
I love Mario. He is my favorite. I am a huge fan of his games. What about you?
I love museums, I would love to go there to get my niece and nephew to learn about them.
I love rocks! Do you have a favorite rock band?  I really love the Beach Boys
I like to eat apple pie.  What about you?  Do you like apples?
I like going to malls.  I love the outdoors, especially on the beach.  
That is a good idea, I think you are right.  I would like to be a teacher.
I do like music.  I like chess too.  What type of music do you like?
How did you know that the word "golden age" was originally used in the 18th century?
Do you have a favorite band?  Mine is Pearl Jam.  I love them!
Hi there, how are you? What do you like to do? I like to watch tv.
I love rock and roll! What do you like to do for fun? I like to play piano and bongs.
What are some of your hobbies? I love reading, but I am not very good at it.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Do you have to deal with schizphrenia often?
Yes, I agree. That is the correct one.  What is your favorite color?  Mine is red.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Did you get the answer?  Did they send you a message?
I like whiskey, but I like it with cream too.   How about you?
I like that too. What is your favorite subject in school? Mine is english. Do you like it?
I'm a big fan of alcohol. It's one of the most widely consumed alcoholics worldwide.
Hi.  I love eating out.  Do you have a favorite?  Mine is Chili's.
That's a great store! I've never heard of it before. What is it like? 
Oh no! That's scary! I hope your bike is okay? What do you like to do for fun?
I think I will vote for the right one. What about you? Do you have a preference for either party or party?
That's cool! What do you think of the movie The Gods of the Rings? 
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that the bee was brought by the Indonesian tribes
I'm not a big fan of apples.  I prefer strawberry.  Do you like apples?
Do you have any pets?  I have a dog, I adore her so much.
I agree. I don't understand the purpose of privacy, though. Why do you value it?
I love fast food so much! I like all kinds of fast food. What is your favorite fast food?
I like shopping at Walmart because I can get a lot of stuff for my kids to buy.
I am sorry to here that. I hope it is not serious. What do you like to do for fun?
I agree.  It's hard to believe that a celebrity was caught on the streets of Bentham, Arkansas.
I like to laugh. I love watching people get a good laugh. What do you like to do?
Do you know how to play an instrument? Or do you know anyone who plays?  I have a friend who plays in a band.
I love the color red, I have one myself.  What's your favorite color?  Mine is red.
I love turkey.  I would have to say that it was the best turkey I have ever had.  What is your favorite?
Hi, do you like to travel? I love traveling, I have traveled all around the world. What about you?
I love to go to theatrical events, what about you?  Do you have any favorites?
I love books. I like the classics. What about you? Do you like to read?
I like to keep my utensil in my backpack. I have a hard time decorated it. Do you?
Hello, how are you tonight? I am having a good day today. I hope you are having a great one.
I've always been intrigued by prison, what makes you want to get away with it?
I like trees. I like the outdoors and nature.   How tall are you?
I love watching Kentucky Derby games.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I have a few of those stores nearby. What do you like to do for fun? 
Oh, no. I don't know what you mean. Why do you think that is? Are you a fan of Sara?
What city are you from? I live in the United States.  What do you do for a living?
I would like to adopt a dog, but I'm worried I would end up getting a cat.
How are you doing today? I am doing well. How about you? What are your hobbies?
I love potato chips, I have a weakness though, they are the best food in the world.
That's awful. I hope you're okay. Do you have any plans for the day? 
What do you think about the legal consequences of a BDSm? I don't think I could do it.
What do you mean by "front back"? Do you mean "frfront front"? 
I love shopping. It's one of my favorite things to do. I love finding new things.
Yes, I do not know what I want to do now. I am not sure how to make decisions.
I like to think that I am better at picking one language to learn.  What language would you like to learn?
That's a good point, it's always good to have options. What are you thinking about?
I agree, it is very important to have a house. Do you live in an apartment or a house?
I have never heard of it. What is it? Is it a lamborghini?
That's a good idea.  I think I'll have to try that.  What do you like to do for fun?
I would like to learn how to do wheelies, but I'm afraid I'm too tall for them!
That's a good point. I guess I just don't have much of an answer.  
I think that's a good choice.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
That's a good point. Do you have a favorite subject to teach?  Mine is English.
I like the fact that the word "choose" can also be used to describe a variety of musical genres.
I'm glad you are doing well!  I hope everything works out for you and you.  What do you do in your spare time?
Hi, how are you today? I am just getting ready to go for a jog. 
I do not understand what you are saying.  What do you mean?  Are you saying that you are rich and have lots of money?
I think that's the right choice.  I'm glad you chose to do what you're passionate about.
I like to go to the gym to get my muscles pumping. What is your favorite thing to do?
I love mcdonalds, but I don't think there was one near where I live.
I love cruises. I have been to many. Where would you recommend going first? 
Hi, I like trains.  I like how they can travel by train.  What's your favorite way of traveling?
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to hike, ride bikes, and play video games.
I love swimming.  Swimming is a great sport for relaxing.  Do you swim often?
What is a desktop computer? I have never heard of it. Do you use it? 
Rainbow is my favorite color. I love all the rainbow days.  Do you like rainbow?
Are you going to vote for Trump in 2020?  He's my favorite president.  
I would put it in a hotel.  I have been to a hotel before.  Do you have a hotel?
What is your favorite thing to do for fun? I like to go for long walks with my dog
I have never had a dream, but I have had a few bad ones in my life. I don't know how people deal with them.
I'm not sure if I like that conference. Do you think I'll go there to see the new speakers?
Yes, I agree. I have been married for a long time and I'm still struggling with it.
I would have to agree with you.  I have lived with my aunt since I was a child.
I love surf and I like to wear a suit when I surf.  I also like a nice pair of boots.
That is a tough one to answer.  I think I would have done better if I didn't make so much money.
I love pools!  I like how the balls are kept in a rectangular table.
I love Bridge.  What is your favorite thing to do on the Bridge?  I like the scenery.
The term "Communism" is often used in reference to the economic, social, economic, and intellectual development of the world.
I love grocery shopping, especially at the supermarket.  It's so convenient!
I have one and I love it. I have two of them. What is your favorite kind of fridge?
I have no idea what I want to do with him.  I am going to have to find a new pet.
I would have to say I have always been a fan of Asia, but I have never been.
That's a shame.  I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you think she was able to get back on her feet?
That's great advice!  I'm glad I have a backup backup in case I need it.
That sounds like a great choice. What do you do for a living? I'm a cashier at a bank.
What is your favorite color? Mine is red. It is my favorite color. I like red too
I love boats, I have a boat that I use to sail around the world on weekends.
I love Atlas.  I live in the Atlantic.  Do you have a favorite city?
I don't know what I want to do, but I think I'd rather be on the slopes.
I agree. I have a hard time breathing. I'm not a very good swimmer.
I like the outdoors.  I like hiking.  What about you?  
I love brooming. The broom is the oldest type of closet in the world.
I love fishing!  I love to catch fish.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like to scream when I pick bersries. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue.
I like museums. I like the ones with ancient artifacts. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I agree.  I'm not sure I'd be able to stop myself from doing it, though.  It's a shame.
I love tap shows, I think tap shows are the best.  Do you like soda?  I love sodas.
I love horror movies. I like the ones that are suspenseful. Do you have any favorite ones?
I am not sure what to choose. I think I will go with something that makes me feel happy.
That sounds lovely. The beach is a great place to go for fishing or hiking.
I am trying to get back into shape, I just can't find the time.  I am also trying to lose weight.
How long have you been playing?  I've been playing a lot lately and I've enjoyed it!
What kind of bike do you like to ride? I like motorcycles but I'm not sure I'd like to try one.
Shopping is a great escape for a stress reliever, but I would have to say that it would be better to go to a mall.
I like beverages, but I'm not a big fan of pants. I like pants though.
What is your job title?  I am a teacher and I work 8 hours per week. 
That's great advice.  What's your favorite food?  I love potatoes. 
I would like to see a soccer match at the stadium. I have been to a few of them.
Yes, I agree.  What do you think of meditation?  I think it's a great way to get rid of stress.
How did you choose one? I think I will choose the blue egg. I think it's my favorite color.
What do you do for a living?  I am a teacher.  What do I do for fun?
Do you know how many types of cows there are? I like beefsteak and lamb.
I'd rather go to a new apartment.  I'd love to live in an office building.
I like to keep things simple. Do you have any hobbies? I like collecting things.
That's a good idea. I think it's better to have a plan than just let it run.
That is a tough thing to go through, but you are right.  What is the cause?
Hi there. I just got back from a long day at my hotel. What do you do for a living?
What kind of apartment do you want to live in?  Do you want a house or an apartment?
Hi. I like sports, especially baseball.  What do you like to do for fun? 
The United States is my favorite country to visit.  What about you?  What's your favorite place to visit?
I would like to know more about Drill. Do you have a specific subject in mind? 
I like to think I am going to go to a museum to see if there is any good places to visit.
I am happy for you! I am glad you got some rest.  What did you do?
I love cheese, especially cheese. What is your favorite cheese? Mine is probably cheddar. 
I love seafood, especially lobster.  I also love crab legs.  Do you have any favorites?
I have heard that it can be dangerous to have a baby due to a high risk of some types of heart disease. 
I love eating! I'm hungry all the time, I could eat all day. What do you like to do for fun?
I agree!  I love eating breakfast, especially with eggs and bacon.  How about you?
Yes, I agree. I would rather not have to worry about it anymore. I think it's a good thing that we don't have to deal with death anymore.
I love music and love going to concerts and seeing all kinds of music.  How about you?
I'm sure your hard work will pay off. What kind of business are you planning on opening?
What's your favorite part of the holidays? Mine is christmas. It's my favorite time of the year.
How do you feel about this question? I feel like it's a good question.  Are you a teacher?
That's a good point. I'm going to make sure I get some more plants to grow. Do you have any suggestions?
That's a good point. I think that's the best way to get rid of a suspicious person.
I like that. I love the colorado mountains, especially the Grand Canyon. 
I like swimming, but prefer indoors. I like to be outdoors. What do you like to do for fun?
I love eating! I'm making chicken parm and potatoes tonight. What are you making?
Rollerblades are a type of vehicle that uses two or more wheels, so I would assume you would prefer one.
I have been there.  I can't imagine being that bad.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like mall shopping too.  It's a great way to save money.  I like to get out and explore.
That's too bad. Do you have a favorite food? Mine is fried chicken. What about you?
I would choose the Dallas Douglas Cougars. They are a great baseball team
That's a great choice. I wish I could stop being married, but I am so lonely.
What's your favorite kind of wine? I like wine, but I like a good rice wine too.
That is too bad.  What happened to your car?  I would have had to get a new one.
I agree. I am not religious at all, but I have a friend who is. I think it is good for you.
I am sorry to hear that.  I hope it gets better soon.  It sounds painful.
I love Northern Colorado.  It is so pretty and the mountains are amazing.  Do you have any favorites?
I like to watch television. I like shows like The Biggest Loser. What about you?
I think I would have a hard time deciding which doctor to train before I become a doctor!
I think the shopping center needs more people like you. It is a great place to shop at.
What do you like to do in your spare time?  I like to make beans and rice with some beans.
I like the belly head.  It is my favorite part of the body.  What do you do for fun?
I'm sorry to hear about that. Have you ever been in a situation where you felt hopelessly unsafe?
That is a great choice of location.  I like the beach and the river as well.
That is nice, I would rather be relaxed than angry. What do you do for fun?
Oh, that is interesting. What is your favorite color? Mine is yellow. What about you?
Oh wow, that must be a lot of work. Do you ever go out and meet people?
Oh, I see.  What do you mean? Are you asking if it's a closet or a home?
I like to read. I like fiction.  I like science fiction, too. 
I like to draw but I am not very good at it, do you like to sketch?
The Chicago area is the cultural, financial, media, and media capital of the world.  I would love to visit there one day.
I like to cook and I like making homemade pasta. What are your favorite foods?
I think that is a great question. I think it is a good idea to make the right choice.
That is interesting. I'm not really sure if I could do that. How long have you been divorced?
I would have done the same thing. I'm so afraid of trains. What do you think happened?
I think that's a good point, but I think it's better to let them be themselves first. 
What do you do for a living? I am a teacher. What do u do for work?
I would love to see a dental office in a big city, where do you live?
That is a good idea! I will definitely check them out. I like to shop at Sam's Club.
Hi. I'm a nurse. What do you do for work? I'm in healthcare.
What is your favorite book of all time? Mine is probably Pride and Prejudice.
That sounds nice. I like the look of the ribbons. Do you like flowers?
That is too bad. I would like to climb mount everest one day.  Do you have any hobbies?
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you think caused it? Did he get into trouble?
I would like to see a new one. What about you? What do you want to see?
That's a good point. I'll have to think of what I do when I have time. 
That's a great idea. I will have to make sure that my wife picks one up. Thanks for the tip!
I agree.  We have been having a lot of problems in the economy.  Do you think it will happen?
I think I would rather drive a motorcycle.  It's a good way to get around the world.
I like to keep mine in my kitchen, so I use a big one. What about you?
That's a pretty good idea.  I like that they can serve all types of food.  Do you like to cook?
What would you like to get?  I love getting presents for my family.   
I think I would choose the right option. I don't know if that's what you mean.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you're right, it can cause injury or death.
I like to play with my kids, and we play together. We have a lot of fun.
I don't think you should get angry. I'm sure there are plenty of good fish out there.
I think that's the right choice for a big city. What do you like to do for fun?
Yes, I agree. I love the comfort of the cooler weather. What do you do for work?
That's a good idea. I think I'll try a burger. What's your favorite?
I like fishing. I don't like to write. What do you like to do? 
That's good to know, I usually use Google to get my travel plans. Do you travel for work or pleasure?
I'm sorry to hear that.  What is your favorite food?   Mine is cheese.
I agree! I love mexican food, especially the tamales!  Do you like Mexico?
I am sorry to hear that!  I have never had a hearing impairment, but I have had a hard time communicating with people.
I think I would choose to get my teeth fixed before I go to a dental office.
I love coffee.  It's my favorite drink.  Do you like coffee?   
I think it's funny that the word "hair" is so widespread. I mean, we don't have a word for it.
That is awful, I would have called the police. I hope it wasn't too hard to rescue the dog.
I have never been to a library but I would have to try it. Do they have many libraries there?
I have a dog, but I'm not sure what he's doing. He just barks.
I hate it when you are bored and have nothing to do with it.  I hate when it happens.
That's awesome! I love to sleep, but I can't do it right now. I'm trying to get back into it.
I would love to go to India.  I would like to see the Arabian Sea.  Have you ever been?
I love the forest, it's so calming to just lay out and read a book.
I agree.   I have been thinking about going on a vacation to Hawaii, but I think it's too expensive.
Ribs are delicious, what's your favorite?  I prefer mine grilled or pan fried.
I prefer to use a database or a physical copy. It can be stored locally or even on a desktop computer.
The garden is nice.  I like to grow my own vegetables.  What kind of office do you work in?
Good luck.  I hope it goes well.  It's a good thing that the child can learn from her.
I would say that would be a good choice! Do you have any plans this evening? 
What is your favorite thing to watch?  I like watching the show "Jeopardy" on HBO.
I love palaces, I love the architecture of it.  Whats your favorite palace to visit?
I think I'm good with my health. I'm glad I'm not in a wheelchair.
I love motorcycles, but I don't have one. What do you like to do for fun?
I feel you, I've been feeling like that lately.  I've had to go to the doctor for a couple days.
I'd love to see the Garden of Eden! I'm afraid of snakes. 
I like swimming, but I prefer to do it in my pool or in the ocean.
I think it's important to know how to grow and cultivate and sell food.  
I don't think I could do that, but I can't imagine how you would feel if you kissed each other!
Swimming is one of the most commonly used public recreational activities.  I would love to go swimming someday.
That sounds like fun.  I would like to go to a nice restaurant.  What is your favorite?
I like to meet new people. I am always meeting new people and trying to make new friends.
What do you like to eat? I love pizza. My fave food is sushi.
I have a friend that owns and sells grocery stores. I love shopping there! 
That's a good idea.  I'll do that next time I go shopping.  Do you shop often?
I agree. I like how they are so dependable and reliable machines. Do you like them?
I would love to go to an opera. I think it would be a lot of fun.
That is a great idea.  I think I'll have it stored in my fridge.
That is a nice choice. I like ballet because it has a lot of historical significance.
I'm sorry, you had to go through that.  What grade is it that you are in?
I like to use the bathroom to clean up after the toilet.  I have never used it in a bath, though.
That's terrible. I'm sorry you had to go through that. I would have been very upset.
That would be a great choice to go to the Labyrhinh. I'd like to see it someday.
I would love to go to the gym, but my schedule is pretty hectic. I would probably just watch tv.
I like the money, but I don't like gambling. I like winning, though.
I'm not a huge fan of the hospital, but I think it is a good place to be.
I would love to go to montanana. It's the largest island chain in the world.
That is a great way to look at it.  I have a lot of clutters in my house.
Yes, that's a good point. He was also a very good skater. He also had a heart attack and had a stroke.
That sounds interesting!  Are you familiar with the study of canals?  I know they can be used to diagnose epilepsy.
Hi, I just came back from the store I bought a new fountain pen. Do you like fountains?
That is a great idea! What do you do for a living? I work in a law office.
I like to play chess in my spare time.  What's your favorite chess chess board to play?
I have always wanted to go to a salon, but I have not been to one yet.
What do you do for a living?  I work on boats, I love it. 
I would go to a nursing school. I would like to help people. Do you have any hobbies?
I'm not sure what you mean.  What is your favorite kind of print?  Mine is white
That's awesome! I love flowers and I'm glad you asked, I love all kinds of flowers.
The museums are great. I like to go on roller coasters when they are free.
That's a good idea. What is your favorite TV show?  Mine is Friends.
I love squirrels.  They are so cute.  What is your favorite food?
The movie theatre is great.  I love going to the theater with my family.  What do you like to do?
I love farming.  I love to go fishing in my spare time, and it's so peaceful there.
I like Billy. He is the best. He was so good at winning the lottery.
I agree, happiness is one of my favorite things in life.  I wish it would happen more often.
I would go to the bank and ask for a new one. I don't think they will give me another one.
I love to travel. I've been to a lot of different cities in my life. How about you?
I like Maine too, but I prefer the Appalachian National Scenic Trail. It's so beautiful.
I'm a big fan of rocks.  What about you?  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I love to eat, especially when I'm hungry, and I'm feeling energized. 
Oh, I see.  I didn't think it was a spill, but I guess it was an accident.
Hiking is my favorite activity.  What's yours?  I'm a big fan of hiking. 
I feel you.  I have been there before.  What kind of job are you looking for?
Chess is one of my favorite sports, but my favorite is chess. What about you? 
What is your favorite kind of food?  Mine is chicken waffle.  I love it.
I would have thought it was the ice cream, but I was wrong.  What do you think?
Oh I love supermarkets, I love all kinds of food.  What is your favorite food?
I think you're right, I think the best option is to not let them get revenge.
That is a shame. Maybe she can find a new friend.  Do you have any friends?
That is a good profession.  I like science and math.  What do you do for work?
Basketball is my favorite sport, but I don't play it often.  Do you?  What other things do you like?
Yes, I agree.  I'm sure it's very satisfying to be in a good marriage.
That sounds like a good idea. I don't know if I could do it. I think he will be ok though.
That's a good way of thinking about it.  I'm not sure what I'm going to do now.
I can see how that would be a difficult situation, especially if you have to deal with that.
I would love that.  I have been to prison before.  What would you do in prison?
I'm sorry to hear that. I've had a lot of injuries in my life, so it's good to keep healthy.
I know the feeling. I have a hard time expressing what I am trying to say, but sometimes I just have to let it go.
What kind of boat do you want to go on?  Is it an ocean or a lake? 
I agree.  I don't know what I want to do with it, but I guess it is better than using it.
I love bee's!  I have a few of them in my yard.  What do you do?
I like to go to the movies.  Are there any movies you want to see?  I like horror movies.
Lazy is the best.  I am always up until late at night.  What do you do?
I'm not sure what you mean. I don't know. I guess I'm a bit of an introvert.
I like to go to the park, but I have never been to the forest, do you?
I like to drink a lot.  I drink more than two glasses a day.  How about you?
How are you doing on this evening?  I am just getting ready to go to work.  I love my job.
Hello! What is your major? I am a financial analyst at a big company. What do you do for fun?
I think you are right.  It's a shame that some people can't make it to a good point.
What is your favorite food? I like sushi and pizza.  I love to make homemade sashimi.
I would love too. I love singing but I'm not very good. What do you like to do?
I agree. A taxi driver should be able to get around the world. I would like to take a cab to work.
I would say that money is more important than anything. What are some of the things you are buying?
I agree with you.  I would like to be able to help.   What would you do if I broke my leg?
Gasoline is the best, it's a great alternative to the water.  I love it.
I can relate to that, I hate it too! What about you? What are your other hobbies?
I know that feeling. It is hard for me to remember.  I always forget where I want to be.
That is scary! I hope you can get out soon. I have never been to prison, but I know it's a scary place.
That's awesome! I'm a huge fan of the book "The Godfather"! What's your favorite book?
I have a hard time breathing. I get so sick it feels like I can't breathe.
I think you are right. I am glad you are having fun. What are you doing now?
Yes, I know it's hard to find a new one.  It is hard to recycle the trash.
I agree. I think I would have to agree with you on that one. I don't think there's a right choice.
I love country music!  I love that it's so much fun to listen to country music.
I like the southern part of the country. It's the only place I can get away from it.
I like farmers markets.  I like to buy all kinds of vegetables, fruits, and meats.
I like painting. I like the look of the windowsill. What do you like to paint?
That's great. I love shopping at Auto Party stores. Do you like to shop?
I'm an atheist, I believe in the existence of a god. I don't believe in evil.
That's interesting, but I don't understand what your talking about.  What do you like to do?
Morgue?  Are you a doctor?  Do you like the outdoors?  I love going out on the water.
That sounds like a fun way to start meeting people and make new friends. Do you have any suggestions?
I love books, especially about fish. I love all kinds of fish. Do you have a favorite type of fish?
That's a tough choice. I'd probably go to a local casino to see if they have any good deals.
I love the way they sound, I like all types of music. What do you like to listen to?
I think it's because it is fun to connect with friends! What do you do for fun?
That is a good point, I have never been to a big city. Do you know where it is located?
That's a great idea. I'm sure you'll do great! What are some of your goals?
What kind of shoes?  Running is one of my favorite things to do and I like to run.
I think I'm going to buy some new things.  I don't know what to buy.  Do you have any suggestions?
That is great! What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to the park.
I love ice cream.  I like how it's made from frozen yogurt.  What about you?
I would love to visit the zoo but I have never been to aquatic areas. 
I think it is good to have a healthy lifestyle. What are some of your hobbies?
That's interesting, I have never been to Mexico.  What did you do to escape the sharks?
I think the brass bands are the best musician out there! What is your favorite type of music?
I am sure he will get a job.  I am not sure he would be a great candidate.
Oh no. I hate that.  Do you have any pets?  I have a dog named Russell.
I would have said that.  I would rather have him do it before I had to work.
I agree. What kind of work do you do? I am a freelancer. 
Oh, that's cool.  What kind of food is it?  I love fast food.
I love the suburban area.  It's so peaceful.  I have lived here my whole life. 
I think I'd like to visit space. I love the outdoors, and I'd love to see the stars.
That sounds like a good question. What do you mean by that? Is it an automobile or motorcycle?
I would love to have my own backyard, but I live in a rural area.
I would like to go for a hike but I am afraid of heights.  Do you like hiking?
How many times have you been in real estates?  I'm not sure I could afford to live in a mansion.
Oh, I see. What are some of your favorite places to shop at? I have a garage.
Yes! I have been a big fan of the Mafia. What is your favorite food?
I love watching TV. I love to watch The Voice.  What do you like to watch?
I love dogs!  My favorite is the poodle.  What kind do you have?
Chess is one of my favorite hobbies. It can be a lot of fun and relaxing.
What kind of questions do you have to answer? I'm sure you'll get a choice. 
I love a good plate of food. What's your favorite kind of food? I love Italian.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are okay. I am not sure if I can help.
I love baking! I make bread all the time and love it.  What is your favorite thing to make?
That is interesting.  Do you have a passion for kissing?  I have never kissed.
I would love to go to National Park. I love nature and animals. What's your favorite animal?
I like classrooms.  What grade are you in? I'm currently in the 8th grade.
I know a lot about it, but what is your favorite subject to study? Mine is English. 
I love gardening, it's a relaxing activity for me.  What do you grow?
That's awesome.  You're going to win.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I'm sure you did great on that test!  How did you do?  I hope you did well.
I have never been there, I'd love to though. I'm sure it's beautiful. Do you like it?
What is your favorite food? Mine is chicken wings. What do you like to do for fun?
How do you feel about bath bombs? I love them! I have never been to one before.
That sounds like an awesome time. I have never been there, but I have always wanted to go.
What kind of museums do you like to go to? I like the natural museams.
I like ice cream, I have never tried it. I have heard it helps you lose weight.
I like to keep a lot of money in my wallet. It is a good idea to have it in your wallet.
That's really cool! I'm going to try that!  What do you like to do for fun?
That's really interesting. Do you have any other interesting facts? I know it's not just Africa.
I like that. I love to go out with friends. What about you? What do you like to do?
I would have to say that I would probably choose Pride and Prejudice. I love that movie
That's interesting. What do you think about the show? Do you think it's a good choice?
I agree, I'm a cold person, and it's always nice to be comfortable.  Do you like being cold?
I love church! It's one of the most popular types of church in the world!  
I agree, it's not a good feeling when you don't like what you want.  What do you do for a living?
Yes! I love listening to relaxing music. What is your favorite? What kind of music do you like?
I would love to visit a historical site like the graves of martyrs. 
I agree. I was thinking of doing it again but I don't think I can get it down.
That sounds interesting. I love kindergarden. It's my favorite part of the day. 
That's a great idea. I think I will have to do that. I'm sure my coworker would love it.
I love the car, it's a lease and has been a long time since I've had it.
That's cool. What's your favorite color? Mine is red.  I love red. Do you have a preference?
I love warm places but I don't like the heat! I prefer the cooler weather. 
I like science too, especially the study of quantum mechanics.  How do you like science?
That's great, I would love to have a bus, but I live in a small apartment and it's a little too crowded.
That sounds like fun. I love convention centers. What kind of convention do you attend
Yes, I agree, I do that a lot.  What do you think about the question?
I see. I guess that makes sense. I would like to be able to afford more options. 
I love that the detectives have to be able to find out if the truth was right.
Baby carriages are the best! I love them so much. What kind of car is it?
That's so romantic, I wish I could say that. How long have you been together?
The shelter I work in has a bus stop. It is very nice to help out the local community.
That's a good point.  I think that would be a good idea.  Thanks for the suggestion.
I think I would choose the gun because it would be useful for my collection.  Do you like guns?
I like the idea of fatality, but I don't think I'd be able to be a free-lane.
I would love to see that show, I think it would be a lot better if they had a winner.
I think that would be a great choice for someone to get into bass playing.  Do you play any instruments?
Wow. How do you feel about the sharks? I don't think I have ever seen one.
What are some of your favorite things to do on your spare time? I like to play the guitar.
That is great to hear. I like to meet new people. I love to go out and meet new friends.
Rice paddies are delicious.  I'm a vegetarian, so I can't eat rice.
How did you answer the question? Do you think the parades would stop? I'm not sure.
I love my dogs. I think I would like to get a dog. Do you have any?
That's good to know.  I think I'm going to choose the right option.  It's hard to choose.
Chess is great. It's one of my favorite past times to play. What do you like to do for fun?
Yes, that is true.  The race track has over 2 million people.  That's a lot of people.
I would like to visit a country club.  I like the country side and the outdoors.
That would be a good idea. I think that's a good way to go. What do you do for a living?
I'm a big fan of vomit, but I have never been able to get over it.
I would like to visit the train station but it is a long distance one.  Do you have any suggestions?
I'm glad you didn't have to answer that question.  I'm a big fan of questions like that.
Speaking of speeding, I was going to say that I have never gotten a warning. Do you have any experience?
That's a good point. I'm a pretty shy person so I don't get out much.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok! Do you have any pets?
I love shopping for christmas trees and christmas stuff, especially christmas lights. Do you like christmas?
That's too bad.  I love musicals! What kind of music do you like? 
I love hambmburgers, especially with cheese. I also love cheeseburgers. What do you like?
I love to read. I'm currently reading The Bible and I've always wanted to be a teacher.
I love frigates. I have always wanted to visit the Caribbean and see the ships.
How are you doing today?  I'm doing good with my house.  How about you?
I agree, I think that's a good idea to focus on the event.  I think I'll do that.
I like watching soccer too! It's a team sport played on a rectangular field.
I like to think so too. I have learned that the word "puncommon" was first recorded in the 10th century.
That is a very good point. Do you like the color yellow? It is one of the most common colors in the world.
How do you feel about razors?  I've never used one, but I know they are used in a lot of things.
I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope you feel better soon.  Do you have any children or children?
That is great to hear that your passionate about it.  What grade level are you in?
What do you mean by tape? I don't know much about it. Is it a video?
I would have to say I would choose a hotel that is more affordable. Do you prefer a hotel or hotel?
I have no idea, but I know that it is a popular bike in the Netherlands.
I like to read, I'm a fan of the classics like Lord of the Rings.
I don't know how to argue but I do know that I do not have a lot of friends.
That's cool, do you like to swim? I do. It's one of the most common recreational activities in the world.
Oh, I see. So you are an advocate for the victims? Do you have a preference?
I love boats. What kind of boat do you like? I love to go fishing.
I think I have seen one, but I don't recall the name.  What is it called?
That's great! I love to fly.  I have flights with my dog.  Do you have a dog?
That's unfortunate. I'm glad I didn't have to deal with that.  I'm sorry you had to go through that.
I hate it when people snore, especially in the morning.  I have a lot of trouble getting up in the early morning.
I like to watch the games, but it's not for everyone. I'm more of a football fan.
What is an A train station? I have heard of it. Is it a train station or a stadium?
I think I'd go with the potato face. I like potatoes. What about you?
I agree, but I think it's good to know karma is a good thing to have. I hope you are able to make it out of it.
Wow! I have never been to any of those! I would love to visit one day. 
Hello, I'm a Republican and I'm from Nebraskaaaa. What about you? 
I agree.  I love shopping.  It's a good way to get a lot of money.
I see a lot of clouds in my apartment, but I don't see them too often.
That's good, it's good to keep your options open. What is your favorite thing to do?
That's a good idea.  I will keep that in mind.  What is your favorite rock?
That's interesting. Do you like vegetables? I like them, but don't really have a preference for them.
I agree.  I have found that love is one of the best things in life.  How long have you been together?
I love the west coast.  It was one of the most populated states for a long time.
I'm more of a health nut. My favorite is toasted almonds! Do you like peanuts?
Good luck.  I'm sure she'll do fine.  What did you decide to do with your time?
I'd love to go to Montana one day.  It's the second largest state in the US.
What do you think of Trump? He's the only one I like. I don't know if he will win this election.
That is a good point.  What are some of your favorites?  I love learning new ways to learn.
What is your favorite thing to do?  Mine is to go hiking.  What is yours?
That's interesting! I like scissorblade because it's one of the more popular blades in the world
Wow, I didn't know there were so many maps! I think it's amazing how much water there is in the world.
That is a good point. Do you have a favorite color? Mine is green. I also like red.
I like cake. I like to bake a good cake every now and then. What kind of cake is it?
I love supermarkets, but I like my local grocery store better. I can get anything at the store.
I love to go to the bathroom! I always use the cleanest toothpaste in my house!
I have a headache. I think I need a new car. What kind of car do you like?
I would love to live in an urban apartment, but I don't have the time. 
That's a good one.  There's a lot to choose from.  Do you have a favorite?
I like to build in the city, it is the most populous city in the United States.
That's great! What do you like to do for fun? I like shopping for my children.
I like playing video games. It's a great way to relax and have time for activities.
I like to fish.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I love to go fishing with my friends.
I like to draw, but I am not great at it. I do like art though. 
I love Mexican food. I have never been there, but I have visited many other countries.
I would have to say that bears are the best. I have never been to a river or lake.
Oh my goodness, you are so right. I have no idea what I'd do to someone. I would definitely call 911.
I like watching football, but I don't like loud stadiums. How about you? Do you like football?
Hi there, how are you? I'm doing very well today, how about you? Do you have any hobbies?
That's interesting, I didn't realize the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was a monarch
That is a good point. What is your favorite food? I am a fan of spicy food.
I agree that is one of my favorite ways to punish my kids.   What is your favorite thing to do?
That is a great idea. I will have to try that out. Thank you for the advice.
I love to eat. Do you have a favorite type of seafood? I like fish.
War museums are very interesting.  I like historical ones.   I would love to see the battle of the pirates.
I love airplane traveling. I've been all around the world.    Have you been to any airports?
Swimming is fun, I like to go swimming at home. Do you swim competitively?
Yes, I agree.  I have been drinking lemons and lime juice for years.  It's one of my favorites.
I can understand that. I'm always exhausted. I've been dancing for a while.
That is a good idea. I like arcade games. I also like the family room. What do you like to do for fun?
I would like to get more time to think about what to do. What would you like to know?
Lazy is a real shame.  I've got a lot of friends that are like that.  What do you do for fun?
What is your favorite thing to do with family, mine is to play with my cats, do you have any?
Jewish people have been around for a while.  I have never been to a Jewish church before.
Hello there. What is your favorite animal? Mine is a dog. He's the only cat I've.
That's a tough choice. I'd have to say North Carolina is probably more popular. 
That sounds fun. I love watching TV with my wife and kids. We watch a lot of movies together.
I like to go out to eat, what about you?  Do you like to cook? 
That's a good point, but I'm not sure if I would have thought about that. 
I love toys! What are some of your favorite toys? I like Legos. 
I agree.  I'm a very critical thinker.  Do you have any hobbies?
I'm not sure I could do that. I think I'd be better at it if I could.
That is a good one. I think you're right. It was a difficult question to answer, but it seems like the right choice.
I'm a big fan of making art.  I'm not sure I could do it if I didn't enjoy it.
Hi how are you today? I love beverages, especially in the fall. Do you?
I love to travel but I have never left the US before so I don't know what to say.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you find something soon. I know it is hard for us to find employment.
I agree, I think we can make it through this.  I am just glad I did not have to deal with the hostility.
I love fruits and veggies. What do you like to eat? I love banana and peanut.
I know what you mean. I have been doing the same lately. I've been meeting new people.
What kind of poems do you like? I love poems!   What's your favorite?
I like to draw, but I'm not very good.  I like using markers.  What is your major?
I think that's a good question, I would have to ask him if he has it in his pocket.
Oh I know how that goes, I have a lot of debt myself.  What's your favorite gift?
I think you are right. It is a good way to save money and it makes you feel more comfortable.
That is a tough one. Do you think the trainers are able to get out of this situation?
I am sorry. I have been there. What is your favorite food? Mine is fried chicken.
I like to play the piano, but I don't have time for it. What about you?
I think we all have our own ways of lying. I'm sure you are right about that.
That is cool.  I like to use oil to make my hair look nice.  Do you like it?
That's great! I hope you do well!  I have faith in you.  What do you study?
That's a great choice. I think I will have to check out some local dentists soon. 
I think I would go with the best option.  I'm sure he is a great candidate.
Yes, that is true. I am glad you enjoyed yourself.  Do you have any hobbies?
What do you mean family room? Are you referring to a house? I would love to see it!
I love animals, but I'm more partial to dogs.  I have two myself.  What kind of dogs do you have?
I think I'm going to choose the correct option, since it is a matter of fact. 
How do you feel about the Home Depot mansions in Manhattan? They are a great home.
That's cool. I'm not sure I could leave my car in a parking lot. It would be a little embarrassing.
I like to make mistakes, especially in my job. I am a mechanic by trade. What do you do for fun?
Oh, I love to drive. I'm always looking for a good parking lot to park in.
I like the rain and it is a good way to stay cool. Do you like the outdoors?
I like to cook, so I usually just order a salad or soup. Do you have a favorite food?
Hi, I'm a translator, what about you? I love languages. What language do you speak?
I think that would be a great thing to do. I think it would help people to be more civil.
What kind of food do you prepare? French culinary is one of my favorite things to make.
I love green eggs and ham, I would have to say that is my favorite food. 
I think I will go for an apple tree. They are the most common fruit in the world!
I like gambling.  I am a gambler.  What do you like to do?
That is a very good point.  I think that would be the best thing to do.  What are some of your favorites?
I love the outdoors, especially hiking.  Do you like hiking too? 
Oh, I see. I thought you meant a plane ticket. I have never been on a plane before.
I love watering! It's so relaxing to have the water in the morning. What do you do for a living?
I have never been to Michigan but I have heard it is the largest city in Michigan!
I think you are right. I am not really sure what I will do when I take the pill.
Yes, I agree with you.  I'm a big fan of Homegrown.  It's interesting to note that it's the world's largest retailer.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you ever had to get up to a workout?
I love treasures. I like to look at the stars and see the stars. Do you?
That's a smart choice, I think I'd go with a pocket.  Do you have one?
What is a nerve? I don't know much about that, is it a specific type?
I'm not sure if I'm going to choose, but I'm sure it's a tough decision!
That's interesting.  I've always wanted to learn how to skate, but have never tried.  How did you get into it?
I have nightmares too, I have a lot of them. I think I have them all.
I would love to visit Australia, but I am afraid of spiders. What do you think?
Health centre is a great place to visit.  I love the spas that offer massages and facilities
I like to grow my own vegetables and fruits.  I like that you can grow it in a variety of ways.
Running is a lot of fun.  I like to run, but I'm too old to do it often.  How about you?
That's a scary thing to have to deal with.  I would have to be very careful.
I think I would be able to get away with a car accident if I had been in one.
How did you manage to get sick? I know it can be very hard to recover from alcohol.
I would have to say that would be a great choice. Horses are such good companion animals.
I would keep it in a pocket.  I like the idea of having a pocket of things that are easily accessible to my hands.
That's a good idea.  I think I'll do that.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I think that is a great option. Do you think he will make it to the White House?
I love marmotes.  I like the white ones.  Do you like margaritas?
What do you think causes heartaches?  Is it a genetic or environmental cause? 
I like the garage.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like to garden.
What is a printer? I've never heard of it. Do they use a computer? 
That's a good one, it's hard to choose because there are so many varieties of lizard.
That's a good choice. I think it would be nice to have a cat in my yard. I have a garden too.
I love watching soccer. What is your favorite team? I like the Atlanta Braves. They have been around since 1962.
I love reading history books!  What is your favorite book?  I like history books. 
I like to eat marmadas, but I don't know what I'd do without them.
I'm sorry to hear that. It's good to have a healthy diet to help you lose weight. Do you eat a lot?
That's a good idea.  What do you think about using a dryer for laundry?
How is your weekend going? Are you married?  I just got back from a date. 
I think that's a good idea. I'll have to try that. I think I will try and rest before I go to bed.
That's a good question. I would like to know the answer. What do you think? 
What language do you speak?  I know that there's a lot of languages in Canada and the U.S.
Hello, I'm a big fan of nature. I love the outdoors and nature. What about you?
I think I would like to be able to go to bed early so I can get up early.
Pride and Prejudice is one of my favorite movies!  Do you like it?
I'm not sure what I'd choose.  I think it would probably be the hurricane or tropical storm.
How many rooms do you have in your garage?  I have one in mine that is big.
That's cool.  I like music and I play the violin.  Do you play?
I love cats! They are so cute and friendly. I have two myself. What about you?
That makes sense. I would have to wear safety glasses though because I don't know if I can see in the dark.
That's cool. I love museums, but I don't go often enough to visit them. 
That is a good idea, I should get some more money.  Do you have any ideas?
That's good to know.  What is your favorite place to go to see?  Mine is a cafe in the park.
I like to think I will be able to do what I love. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I have never been there. Is it beautiful? I would love to visit someday. 
I'm not sure, but I'm pretty sure that the word "dictionary" refers to the study of words.
Yes, they do have a toy store.  It is a great store for toys.
The company was founded by Ruth Handler in 1905.  Do you like yoga?
I would like to go to museums, but it is hard to find one nearby.
I am sorry to hear about your loss.  Have you ever thought about suicide counseling?
Good choice.  It's a good way to get rid of any blood.  I'd say that's the best option.
I would put it in an urban area.  It is very convenient.  What do you think?
I love museums, but my favorite is the Smith museam. What about you?
I like New England. It is the second-largest state in the US. Do you like it in New england?
I love listening to pop music.  What kind of music do you like?  I like classical, jazz, and hip hop.
I like travellers. I have been to the Caribbean, the Atlantic and the Pacific.
Hey, what do you like to do for fun? I like to play with my cats. What do you do?
What is your favorite season of the year?  Mine is summer.  What is yours? 
I'm bored too, but I love watching televisions. I don't think I would be bored watching them.
I'm from Michigan, Michigan.  I've been there before.  It's beautiful.
I think that would be difficult if you were in a court. What type of evidence would it be?
I will do that, I have a lot of faith in you. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I agree. It's hard to believe that the word ordinary is so old. The word was first documented in the 10th century.
That is a good one. Do you like to repair cars or motorcycles? I've always liked them.
I would love to go for a good meal but it is hard to choose.  Do you have suggestions?
I love space, I would like to live in a space ship.  What is your favorite thing to do in space?
I am sorry to hear that, but I am sure you are doing a great honor. 
I love gardening! I love to grow herbs and fruits. I also have a garden.
I love gardening.  Do you grow your own food?  I grow my own vegetables.
I'm sure you are not obese. Obesity is not good for your health. It is a major contributing factor.
I think I would have to hire an attorney to defend my client.  I don't know if I would be able to defend myself.
I like to have a calm calm.   What do you like to do for fun? 
That's a really interesting choice. I'd love to visit a zoo someday. What is your favorite animal?
That sounds nice. I would love to go to a hotel. I love to stay home with the kids.
I love montanas.  I have always wanted to visit the Grand Tetons.
I like that. I think I'm going to try it. What else do you like to do?
Yes, I know.  I like the city.  What do you do for a living?
That's interesting. What is your favourite type of skeletal? I think mine is the spine.
I love driving, and relaxation is the best medicine. What is your favorite?  
Hi, how are you doing? I'm just getting ready to play with some friends here. Do you play any sports?
That's horrible! I hope he is alright. I hope you're able to recover from the damage!
I love courtyards! It is my favorite part of my yard. What is your favorite thing to cook?
I like to drive my car in the suburban. I have a garage with my parents.
That is a good question. What are you doing this evening? I am thinking of going to a movie.
That is a good way to think! Do you have any pets? I have a dog named Buddy!
I love museums and museams.    What do you like to do for fun?
I think you're right. I think I'll make a decision. I have faith in you.
I don't think that I would want to go to prison. I'd rather just stay home and play video games all day.
I would love to go to Amusement parks. What do you like to do there?
What is your favorite food?  Mine is spicy chicken.  I love it!  What about you?
What kind of dance do you like to do?  I love ballet, especially ballet.
Refrigerators are very useful for keeping food in the house.  Do you know what kind of food you are talking about?
I love to bake potatos. They're one of the best foods in the world.
I would love to own a home.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
Hello! How are you? I'm having a nice night. I'm about to go to bed.
I like playing video games. What is your favorite video game? Mine is Fortnite.
I like the city, but I prefer smaller cities.  I would love to visit a hotel though.  What's your favorite hotel?
I live in a river in Broadway, New York City.  What about you?
I like sweet snacks.  I also love salty.  How about you?  Do you like sweets?
Ocean is the most beautiful water. I would love to go swimming at the beach.
That is so sad to hear. How do you feel about the war? It is a terrible war.
Hello! Have you ever been there? It's the second-largest state in the United States.
I like the color yellow, it's my favorite color. What is your favorite color?  Mine is red. 
I like concerts.  I have never been to the mall before.  Is it good?
I think it's good to have a plan. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue.
I think I would choose a pen for the writing of a check. What is your favorite type of pen?
I would rather not sleep on a hot room.  I hate getting up early.  What is your favorite color?
Walmart is a great store to buy all kinds of stuff! What is your favorite store? 
I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you a fan of corn?  I'm not.
That's a good point. I think it's interesting that the word beautiful came from Old French.
I agree, it's always good to have options to eat. Do you have a favourite food?
I have never been but I have heard of it. What do you like to do in your free time?
I love cheeseburgers. What do you like to eat?  I love the cheeseburger, let alone bacon.
I have written a couple of letters.  I'm sure he will get a break soon.
Rats and turtled turtels are found in every continent except Antarctica.
What do you do for a living?   I'm a teacher.  I have a law degree.
Cleaning is always a great idea.  I always clean my house.  It's a good way to keep things organized.
I like to go to the park and garden on the grass.  It's so relaxing.
That's good advice. What do you like to do for fun? I love going out to eat.
I agree.  It is very hard to find a good spot for buffalos.  Do you know where they are?
Hi! I just got back from the gym and I am very exhausted. What are you up to?
I like to think of my friends as a friend. What is your favorite thing to do for fun?
Bad breath can be bad.  What are you up to?  Do you have any pets?
I love gardening, I have a huge garden that I grow herbs.  What kind of garden do you grow?
I love boston!  I live near the Cumberland River.  What about you?
That's a good way to make money.  Do you have any hobbies?  I like to read. 
What do you do for a living?  I am a stay at home mom of two boys.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too hard to make up for it.
That sounds like a good idea. Do you have anything in mind that you are looking for? 
I would like to play tennisc court, but I have no idea what it is. Do you play?
I love tuna, especially fish tuna and tuna. What's your favorite?  
I like to think I am a happy person.  How about your self?  What do you enjoy?
Telegrams can be used to connect with a large number of people.  What do you like to do?
I am not sure.  I have never driven a vehicle that has not parked in a parking garage.
I love to play poker with my friends.  Do you play?  It is so much fun.
I like how simple and convenient it is to have a home with no need to pay for electricity.
That sounds like it would be a great story for a news journalist. What is it about?
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to play games.  I love playing poker.
I agree, it is a shame that so many people are like this, they are so selfish.
I like gardening. I like to grow my own food. It is relaxing. 
I think you are right.  I have never thought of it like that.  What is your opinion on sterling?
That sounds good, I like to think I have a clear mind. What is your favorite food?
I am proud of you. You should be proud of yourself.  What did you do? 
I would like to visit England one day. Have you been? What are some of your favorites?
I love meeting new people. Do you have any hobbies? What do you like to do?
I am sorry to here you have to deal with that.  I hope you are able to find a new burger to eat.
That's interesting. Do you like water? I love it. It's the most commonly used water source in the world.
I'm sure you'll love it.  What do you do for work?  I work in a factory.
I think I'll have to pick a car that fits me.  Do you have any suggestions?
That's a tough one.  What was the problem?  Did you have to get it repaired?
That's a good point! I think I'll go to church for dinner. Do you like church?
I am sorry.  I have a mental health condition myself.  What do you think causes it?
That sounds fun.  What is your favorite place to park?  I like the beach.
California is the only place I've never been to. I'm sure there's some great beaches in California.
What is the best way to solve a hypothetical problem?  Is it possible to solve it?
I love to buy my medication at a store that is located in my house. It is cheaper.
I love countryside, especially when it rains.    What do you do for a living?
I have always wanted to visit National Parks in the US. I have never been there before.
I like to shop at Toy store. It is a store that sells to children. 
I love competitions, especially the Olympics. I like to compete against my friends.
That is good to know.  What do you like to do for fun?  I enjoy reading and writing
Oh no!  I'm sorry, that must be tough!  Did you have to talk to her?
I would probably go out and have a BBQ. I have a huge collection of BBQ restaurants in my house.
That is a good idea, I will try that.  I think that would be a good way to make her feel better.
Oh yes, a garage is a nice place to store fabrics.  I love the look of it!
Hi, how are you today? Do you have any pets? I have a dog, but he is a little shy.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you considered therapy? It's a good way to deal with that.
I like flowers. I like them because they are a good source of beauty and aesthetic
I have never been to a stadium before. I would like to though. What stadium would you choose?
I would love to live in a house that has a bathroom. Do you have any room that you are comfortable in?
I think I will choose the correct choice for my answers.  I am thinking about it.  Do you have any suggestions?
College is a good choice. I went to the university of Kentucky University of Pennsylvania.
I love to think about the universe. Do you think that it is a real thing? I think it is.
I love theatrical performances like that. What do you like to do for fun?
Good for you! I am glad you have found something you are passionate about. What is your favorite subject in school?
That's cool. I like Montreal, it's one of the world's most populous cities.
I like to put my jellies in the fridge. I like it better when it's not too hot.
Skateboarding sounds fun! I like the outdoor activity, but I don't like the crowds.
I have never met a dog that had bad breath. What kind of dogs do you have? 
I love theatrical shows, especially musicals.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
Hello there!  How are you?  I am in Michigan, too!  I just came back from the Grand Tetons.
I love reading newspapers.  They are one of my favorite things to read in the world.  
I am a bit afraid of heights, but I think that is because I am tall! 
I'm sorry. I hope you are getting some rest soon.  What is your favorite meal?
That's great, I'm happy for you. What is your favorite game to play? I like baseball.
I love Texas.  I went there for vacation once.  It was very nice.  
That's not good. What do you think? I think I'd like to buy my first house.
I like forests. I love to go to the beach, it is so peaceful.
I know that is a terrible thing to have to deal with. I hope you feel better soon!
I love dogs and have a small house. I would love to have a house with a yard for the dog.
I'm not sure what I want to do. I might just go for a nap. Maybe that's a good idea.
The Gulf is a great place for hurricanes. The state is very close to the Mississippi.
I love sweet foods, especially cake. I love sweets and desserts. How about you?
I would like to get a house in the city. I live in the middle of the country. 
I like road running, but I don't have a lot of time. What kind of vehicle do you drive?
Hello! I live in Northern Virginia. What about you? Where did you grow up?
I love singing! I love the song Aerosmith! What's your favorite song?
I like the sea.  I also like the beach.  What is your favorite beach?
I have never been to Louisianiana, how is it there?  Is it good?
I love to go to amusements. I love how they have so many great attractions!
Oh, I like to use a bag of golf clubs to play golf.  What do you like to do?
I like shopping at the local store. What kind of music do you like? I love the blues and jazz.
I would love to go to a school where my children are educated.  Do you know of a school with a large house?
I think I am good.  I just don't know if I can trust anyone anymore.  What do you think about it?
That's a good idea, I'll make sure it's the right choice.  Do you have any suggestions?
I have never been to the city. Is it nice? I heard it has some great restaurants.
Archaeology is the study and analysis of prehistoric civilizations.  It would be interesting to study them.
I like to wear a helmet. I don't have to worry about my safety. I am not sure if I would be a rebel.
I think you can use any size of a t-shirt. What is your favorite type of shirt?
I like the idea of saving money, but i have never done it.  What is your business called?
I like baking, but I'm not good at it. I'm more of a foodie. What is your favorite food?
I know that feeling. I have a panic attack every now and then. I get so anxious about it.
Hi! I love lamp! I have a few. Do you have a favorite?  
That's a good idea, I think I will try that one.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I would like to do something to help the elderly and those with disabilities. 
I love trees, and I love to go fishing too.  I have a few that I take out on weekends.
I love fruits! They are the most widely abundant fruit in the world.
What type of plants do you like to grow?  I like roses and daffodils.
I like cd, but I like CDs better.  Do you like CD's? 
I would love to go to prison.  I have always wanted to be a prisoner.  Do you have a favorite?
What is your favorite food? I really like french fries! I could eat it every day
I would like to visit London one day.  It is such a huge city.  What do you think?
I agree, I like groomers a lot.  I like to keep things clean.  What do you do for a living?
That sounds like fun. I would love to be able to do that. Do you know any good ways to make sure I do well?
I'm not sure what the question is. But the carototids are the most widely abundant species in the world.
The rancher house is located on the Appalachian National Scenic Trail
I would have a firecap. I am not sure I would be able to use it in an apartment building.
I agree. I love the cloudy days. It's so calming to look out the sky.
I have never been to a hair salons before.  Do they specialize in women or girls?
That's a good idea. I will have to try this. What do you do for fun?
Wine is good, but I prefer to drink a lot of beer, especially during the winter.
How is your day going?  I am watching a movie with my son.  I love it!
I think that's a great choice. Do you know anyone that can play an instrument? 
Oh that's cool. I like Home Depot, it's a great place for homemade furniture.
That is an interesting way to look at it.  I would love to see some of the farm animals.
I think I am going to go with the child. I think he would be ok with it.
I love going to museums, especially ones in the parks. They're so cool.
I'm sorry to hear about Sean.  He was a good man.  I'm glad he got back in to it.
What do you do for a living? I'm an accountant. I'm a realtor. 
I agree. Sleep is a great way to save money. What do you do for fun?
Oh wow, what do you like to do for fun?  I like to garden and hike. 
I like snakes. They creep me out. I have a fear of them. Do you?
Hi there! I am Billy and I love the outdoors, especially in the mountains.
That's great to know! I love the convenience of shopping at my local library.  
I like sports games, but I don't like to play them too often. Do you play any sports?
I would have to say Michigan.  It's the third-largest state in the US.
That's strange. Why would it make you feel that way?  Do you think robots can be real?
Hi! I'm a big fan of the outdoors.  I like to ride bikes and go fishing.  Do you?
I would love to see a wall that was constructed in the 19th century. What would you choose?
I love flowers! I grow a lot of different fruits, vegetables and herbs in my garden!
I have never been to a race track, but would love to go.  Have you ever been to any of them?
I like horses but prefer dogs.  I like how they are used for warfare.
Oh, I see. I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're alright. I've seen many people who are ill.
I think you are right. They are the best option to prevent disease. Do you have any children?
What is your favorite thing to do on the weekends? I like to go hiking. I love the outdoor activities.
That's unfortunate, how long have you been in a car accident?  I've had one before.
I love to eat fish, do you?  I like to catch them in my spare time.
Hi, do you have any kids? I love kids! What do you do for a living?
I think that would be a good choice.  I'm not sure I would want to be on a computer all day.
I love museums! I would love to visit one day. I have been there a couple of times.
I love to shop at the grocery store. I can't believe it was founded in 1929.
I'm a woman, what do you do for work? I am a pharmacist
I agree.  Science and math are important.  I like math as well.  Do you have any hobbies?
I have never been to one, but I know there are some in my town.  Is there one in your town?
I'm not much of a fan of crickets.  I do like dancing though.  
Yes, it is. What kind of activities do you like to do? I like to go hiking, camping, fishing.
I love cars!  I drive a Honda Civic.  What about you?
I would like to visit Canada one day, I heard it is a beautiful country to live in.
I agree. I am always looking for a good deal. Do you have a favorite presenter?
I would have loved if I had time to watch it. I would love to see it live. 
That's a good choice! What is your favorite kind of field? I like the outdoors
I agree. I don't think I would have thought she was a girl. I'm a guy.
That's a good point. I should probably do that too. I just don't like the idea of having to pay for food.
I love fairy tales, but my favorite is Disney Princesses.  Do you like Disney movies?
Well, if they didn't cut themselves, they would have gotten hurt.  It could have been an accident or something.
I like to eat. I like trying new things.    What kind of food do you like?
I think you're right. I think he might be a ghost. I'm not sure. 
I am sorry to hear that, I hope you can get a good council to help you out
Oh, I see!  I guess that makes sense.  What did you do?  
I love to eat at the kitchen.  It is one of my favorite things in the world.
That's really interesting. What do you mean by "lear"?  Is there anything that you want to know?
I am a big fan of fitness. I like how it is a way to get in shape and get healthy.
The term slot machine refers to a variety of types of slot machines. Do you have a preference?
Oh, I see. I think you mean that the company was unable to get it done? 
I would love to be able to afford to make money. I work in the restaurant industry. Do you have any hobbies?
What kind of box are you referring to? I know that you can store anything in a large container, even if it is small.
I love to watch tv but my favorite show is The Biggest Loser. What about you?
I would have to say Miami.  I have family there.  Have you been there?
That's a good point. I'm not sure I'd have been able to sleep at a hotel.
I agree. What is your favorite blanket to have? I prefer the older ones because they are more cuddly.
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. I like the color blue.   What is yours?
Hi, how are you?  What is your favorite thing to do?  Do you have kids?
I like exercising. I have been working out since I was a kid. Do you work out?
I think I am good at fishing, but I don't have the time to practice. What is your skill?
That's awesome. Do you like it there? Do you have any other favorite places to shop at?
I like to play the guitar. What type of music do you play? What kind of music?
Sanctuary is a great place to celebrate. I love it when I go to church.
That is interesting, what do you do in your spare time?  I like to go fishing.
What is your favorite food? My favorite is cheese and potatoes. What is yours? 
I love reading.  I read the newspapers all the time.  Do you? 
I love Europe! I would love to go one day.  I think I would enjoy visiting the Mediterranean.
I like to use oil on my body, but it's hard to replace it. What do you like to do for fun?
I love rope, I love how it's a high-impact activity.  Do you like rope?
I like farming, I like to raise my own cows.  Do you have any pets?
I like to build things like tables, furniture, and even some homemade items.
I'm not sure, but it's interesting that the word "beaver" comes from the Old French word "bs".
I'm not sure.  Maybe a lake?  I like lakes and rivers.
I love Vegetarian food!  It's one of the oldest and most popular restaurants in the world
I'm sorry to hear that, I'm sure it's not fun.  Did you end up going to a different part of the country?
That's interesting. I like to go hunting with my friends. What do you do for fun?
I love mall shopping. I go there all the time. Do you like malls?
That sounds like a good idea. I will definitely do that. What is your favorite type of tiles?
I like flowers, but not in the field of fields or in the forest. 
I love to read. I love the outdoors.  What do you like to do?
I live in Montana. I have never been to Texas but it seems like it would be a good option.
I'm sorry to hear that. Are you married? I'm. I don't have kids but I have a wife and kids.
How are you today?  Are you having a good day?  I just had a great breakfast.
Oh yes, I love potatoes! Do you like them? I love them in souvenirs.
Hi. How are you doing today? Do you have any plans? I love to jog!
That sounds interesting. What kinds of things do you like to do on your spare time?  
I love zoos! I have a few myself.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love the beach but I have never been to russian beaches. Is it nice there?
I'm a big fan of india.  It's a great country for conservation. 
I think you're right.  I don't know much about music.  Do you like music?
Hi, my name is samantha. I love kids. Do you have kids? 
Hello, I am a big fan of reading and would like to know more about you. What is your favorite?
What are some of your favorite subjects in school? I like English. I also like reading.
I love to relax at home.  I just got back from the gym.  Do you have any suggestions?
I am not sure what you mean by eye strains. Is it a genetic disorder or something?
I like to think I'm a good person, I just don't like Jan.  He is a great person.
I like going to a fairground, where I go to concerts.  What kind of music do you like?
I think it would be a good choice to avoid conflict, but it is a hard decision to make. 
I think it is a great question. What do you think is the best option to prevent the spread of herpes?
I would have to say that I like the idea of a cupboard.  Do you like them?
I think that's a good idea.  It would be nice if there was a hotel that serves hot dogs.
That is a good choice, I love to shop there.  Do you have a favorite store?
Yes, it is very important for a person to have a strong work ethic.  Do you work?
I agree with you.  It is important to keep fit.  What do you do for a living?
I love peanut! I love the texture of the shells! What is your favorite kind?
I have never been to a mall before. I will try to go there one day. 
I know what you mean, I've been trying to eat healthier but its hard to get motivated to.
I am going to University of San franciscisco, California. Have you ever been?
I have a lot of pain, especially in my knees. I need to get back in shape so I can get back into shape.
I love bus stop, it's the best time for me.  What's your favorite thing to do in the world?
That is a good point. I guess I will have to start practicing more. I am not sure I could speak any other language.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok. Have you ever had a bad experience?
I would love to attend a college but I am too busy with work. Do you go to school?
I like to grow vegetables and fruits in my garden.  I also like to garden in my spare time.
That's a great choice.  I've always loved airplanes.  What's your favorite kind?
That's not good.  Are you an avid night rider?  I like to sleep late.
That sounds good.  I will have to try and find a place to go shopping for that.
Advertising is a great industry. I work at a local paper.  Do you like to read?
I agree, I think I'll have to try to get a good teacher to get me to do that
I would have done the same thing! I would be devastated if I were in that situation.
That sounds like a lot of fun! Who is your favorite actor? I like John Conrad. 
I love going to clubs and dancing. I love the nightlife. I like going to the club with my friends.
I love watching tv, especially comedies. What about you?  What is your favorite show?
I love Buffalo!  I love the food there too!  Do you live in one?
I love plants, I love to plant them in my garden and grow my own food too.
I love gum! I've never tried gum, I'll have to try it. Did you? 
I agree.  I have heard that divorce laws vary from jurisdictions.
What kind of furnaces do you have? I like my furniture. I have a big garage.
I agree, that is one of my favorite things to do in the winter. I love the snow.
I am sorry to hear that. I hope he can get help soon.  I know it can be hard to lose weight.
Spaghettti is one of the most popular foods in the world. Do you like it?
I like campground activities but I don't like to stay up all night. Do you?
I like to use notes in my classroom. What is your favorite book? I like fantasy and science fiction.
That's a good point. I guess I should be more prepared for my job, since I don't know what I would do without it.
I love the Tiger, the best team in the world.  Do you like baseball?
I love synagogogues. They are a group of restaurants that specialize in the cuisine of the world.
What is your favorite animal?  I like all animals but I like cats.  Do you have any?
Hi there, how are you? Do you have any dogs?  I have a dog and a cat!
I agree with you.  It's important to be able to understand each other.   
Hi, how are you?  I have been drinking a lot lately.  I think I'm going to have a few drinks tonight.
That is true, aging is a terrible thing to go through. Do you like to make things that you don't like?
What did you have to do to make it worse? I would have been so irritated.
I love fish!  I would love to go fishing one day.  What do you do for work?
I like the Catholic Church, but I'm not sure if I could ever get involved in it.
Do you play any instruments? I play the piano.    Do you have any hobbies?
I'd probably keep mine in my office. It's my favorite place to work. Do you like yours?
I think it might have been a human skeletal.   I think you're right though.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're okay. I'm a nurse, what is your profession?
Do you like apples? I love them.  I love to eat them all the time.
I like patio, but it's hard to find a good one.  What about you?
I love halloween. It is my favorite holiday. Do you like it as well?
That's a good question. What kind of dog do you have?  I have a poodle and he's a big baby.
That's a great choice of option! I love beaches! What is your favorite beach location in Mexico?
That's interesting. I'm not sure if I want to be a teacher, but I do know I can learn if you want.
I love singing. Do you like to sing? Do you have a singing voice? 
I like talking to people. What do you like to do? I like to cook. I like grilling steaks.
That's a good choice, I love movies. Do you prefer action or adventure movies? 
What are you studying? I am not very social and I don't have time for much other than work.
That is very interesting.  I would love to learn more about it.  Is it possible to change the subject?
I love playing with my kids, but I don't think I can teach them how to play with dolls.
I like how the sky can be so clear.  I would love to see a clear sky.
That's a great question. What would you do if you were awake at night? What did you do?
I've never been to North Carolina, but it seems like it's a beautiful place.
That is a good one, I like to use it to bring my dog to the vet.
I like the idea.  What is your favorite kind of vehicle?  I really like the Ford Falcon.
Yes I agree, I think I'm going to go out for lunch. I love to eat.
I like beans! I love beans. What about you? What do you like to eat?
That is pretty cool.  I love to paint.  Do you have any paintings of your house?
That will be interesting. What type of painting do you want to do?  I would love to paint a portrait of my childhood.
Disneyland is my favorite place to go. I love the water. I would like to go there again.
I have never been to a fair, but have been to Texas.  What did you do there?
That's good advice. I think it's important to be prepared for the test. I'm sure you will do well.
I think I'll go to bed. I've been thinking of getting up early. How about you?
I love a good cup or two of them.  It's one of the most common alcoholic drinks in the world.
What do you like to do for fun? I love to go fishing. What do your parents do?
What is your favorite food?  Mine is pizza.  I love it.  What's your favorite kind?
How cold do you think?  I like cold, but not cold.  It's too cold for me.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're doing ok. Have you ever been through something like that?
That's a pretty good choice!  I like dogs because they can be trained to fetch, hunt, and herd.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're okay. Do you have any pets?
That's a good point. I think I will go with an option to get a ticket. 
That sounds like a good idea. Do you have any suggestions? I have never been in the hospital.
Oh, okay. I guess you're right. I don't think it's a good choice.
The word "pacific" was first used in the 10th century.  I wonder if that's when the name came from.
I love to shop at a farm.  I like to go fishing.  How about you?
I have heard that alcohol can make you sick but I have never had it. Do you drink a lot?
I love computers but I don't have any right now. I need a new one.  What do you like to do?
That sounds good! I'll have to try spinach. It's one of the most widely consumed vegetables in the world.
I love sewing.  I love to make fabrics and clothing.  What about you?
I like saline water.  I love the ocean.  What about you?  What do you like to do for fun?
That sounds great! I love to cook but I'm not very good at it. I'm sure I'll get better at it though.
I love the sound of a good drum set, especially when you play the drums. Do you play?
I like history, but I am a bit of a history buff. I like to study the past.
What is your favorite color?  Mine is yellow, like mine.  Do you have a preference?
I love suburban shopping. I can't wait until we move to a more urban setting.
What is your favorite food? Mine is beef jerky! I love it! What about you?
I'd go to a zoo and see if they have any. I know they're found in all types of terrestrial environments.
I think I will use a vaccuum to get rid of the dirt. I don't want to get sick!
That's a great choice.  I love to make sticks.  What are your favorite things to make?
That's interesting, I wonder what it would be like to live in a big city like New York City.
I like to think that the teacher will let me choose which one of the answers. What is your favorite subject?
I'm not sure if I would want to serve. I don't want to hurt anyone. 
I like to eat out.  I love fast food.  It's so convenient. 
Yes!  I love dogs!  There are so many varieties!  What is your favorite?
I like to grow veggies, but I'm not sure I could grow them in my garden.
I like western movies but I like action and adventure movies.  I also like Horror.
I would have to say that is a good question.  I would rather choose the right choice, though.
I love kissing! I kiss my boyfriend all over the world! We kiss each other all the time.
I do like monopoly. It is a good game to play with friends. I love playing it.
Oh that sounds fun.  What type of games do you play?  I enjoy board games.
I love the kitchen cabins! I love all kinds of cuisines. What is your favorite?
I like to think it's good to be able to find a balance. Do you have kids?
I like to draw. I have been trying to get into it. What do you like to paint?
I don't understand. What do you do in your spare time?  I like to read.
That is interesting! I would love to know.  What do you do for a living? 
Oh that's interesting. I know that Ladies work in the office of Cambridge, Massachusetts, New York.
I like meat.  I love to eat steak, burgers, and french fries.
That sounds like a great idea.  I will have to try this.  Thank you very much.
What do you like to do to relax?  I like watching movies.  Do you have a favorite?
I see. Do you have a job? I do. I am a teacher. What about you?
That's great!  I'm sure he is proud of you for that!  What did he do?
I agree. I like to exercise.  I have never been very fit though.  Do you?
I have never had a fantasy before, but it seems like something that would be very interesting to have.
I think you are right, farmer market is the best place to get veggies and fruits.
I have always liked the rug, it is so soft and it is great for my room.
That's a good choice. I like the ford falcon. It was manufactured by General Motors.
I like water.  It's one of the most widely used ingredients in most countries.
What do you think of Trump? I think he is a good president.  He is the 45th President of the United States.
Oh, you like music?  I love music.  I like going to concerts.
I would like to go to a countryside one day but I don't know if I could take a sloth there
That sounds like a good idea. I think I will do that. I don't think it would happen to me.
I love train traveling!  I love to travel.  What's your favorite place to go?
I like to think I'm going to be a good English teacher. Do you like English? Or any other languages?
That's great to hear.  Do you have any favorite computer?  I love mine and it's so convenient.
I like museums. I like the exhibits of the Louvre muse.
I love playing games. I like playing board games with friends. What do you like to play?
I love playing games, but I don't have time for one right now. How about you?
I agree.  I think it would be good to have a discussion about it.    What is your favorite subject in school?
I have always wanted to go to a shoe shop.  What do you do for a living? 
I love pine trees! I like how it can be used for so many different things like fishing, hunting, and recreation.
Yes, I think that is a great idea.  The students will be so happy to see you.
I love Northern Hemispher. It was actually founded by a Scottish man named Charles Alderton.
What is a satanist like?  I know they are a Christian denomination.  What do you think about them?
I think that's what I'm going to do.  I think I'll have to get a new ride.
I would have a hard time filling a bowl with salad. I would fill it with veggies or meat.
That's interesting, do your neighbors like fast food? I know my neighbors love it!
I'm sorry to hear you are facing that.  Is there anyone in your family who can help you?
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to look into it later on. Do you have any suggestions?
I agree, I hate when my best friend fails. I feel like he will get better.
I do not read a lot of newspapers. I like reading about politics and other topics. 
I'm a dental hygienist. Do you have a preference in your dentists?
I like to go to museums too!  They have some really interesting exhibits.
I like pens, I have several in my office.  Do you have a preference? 
I have never been to New Hampshire. Whats the best part? Is it beautiful there?
What is the answer?  I think it is a good idea to have a clear answer.  It is important to be able to solve the problem.
I think it would be the Arkansas River.  I would love to explore the landscape there!
I think I'll have to try it!  What is it about?  Is it a horror novel?
I like to think so.  What do you like to do for fun?  Anything else you want to tell me about yourself?
Hello! How are you doing this evening? I am fine. How is your day going?
Yes, I agree.  I love how flexible it is.  It requires endurance and stamina.
That is interesting. I have never heard of it. Is it an organized compost? 
I love town centers!  I love all walks on the beach.  What is your favorite?
I agree, I like to think that we all value our own lives. What do you do for a living?
I'm not sure, but I know that it's very important to stay fit for your health.
I understand.  I am sorry.  What do you do for fun?  I like to cook. 
I love homework! What do you like to do? I like to play with my kids!
I like to think of myself as the only human beings who have never been able to see the footprint.
I love traveling to Europe. I would love to see all of the different countries.  
That is disgusting.  I would have to say it is not good to have to throw away food like that.
I have never seen that movie.  What is it about?  I will have to check it out.  Do you have any suggestions?
Fruit basket basket basket?  What does that mean?  I have never heard of it before.
I've been drinking a lot of whiskey. I think I might get sick if I drink too much. Do you drink a lot?
That is true.  What kind of business do you work at?  Do you have a favorite restaurant?
I like to go to a lot of concerts! What do you like to do? 
I would like to get a pet snake. I have heard there are a lot of them.
Yes, I agree. Democratic and Republican representatives are very important in this country.  
I like the outdoor areas, especially the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, it's so beautiful.
Hi! Do you have any hobbies? I really love playing the piano.  
I like to go to nightclubs. I go to the movies a lot. How about you?
I think it's a good way to look healthy.  It's hard to lose weight when you're overweight.
I agree, it's crazy how people can take so many things for granted. I hope you're okay!
I think you are right.  I would have to say that you are correct.  What is your choice?
What do you do for a living? I work for a bank, but I'm looking for a job.
That sounds awful.  Do you have any kids?  I've never been to a school.
Hello! How are you? What do you like to do for fun? I love to go outdoors and hike.
I agree.  I'm glad I don't have to worry about Billy's home.  He was a great driver.
I would love to go to New england one day, but I'm too scared to travel alone.
Yes, he was a very well known person and also one of the founders of the Yellow Submarine.
I like the fact that the word "double space" means "two space" in Latin.
I don't think I've ever been in a queue before. I'm sure you will be okay! What are some of your hobbies?
That's a great way to look at it.  What are your thoughts on the subject of fate control?
Hi how are you doing? I have a lot of energy. I am exhausted from jogging.
I agree!  The world is a great place to find peace and balance!  Do you like the outdoors?
I'm sorry to hear about your situation. Do you have any pets?  I have a cat.
It sounds like it.  Are you ready to go to school?  I'm ready to get to work.
I love antique stores!  I have a lot of antique stuff in my house.  Do you have any favorites?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried talking to your spouse? Maybe they can help with that.
I agree.  I love traveling and seeing the world.  What do you enjoy doing?
I like libraries, but my favorite is a good book. I read so much of it.
I like scary movies, but I don't like watching them alone.  I like watching scary movies.
I love books, especially about talking monkeys!  What do you do?  I work in an animal shelter.
I like Mexican food, but I like the American version better.    What is your favorite?
I love the Whitehouse.  It is the oldest building in the world, right?  Do you like it?
Sports stadiums are a great place to watch a football game. Do you go to many sports stadiums?
What do you want to write about? I think that's a good choice. What kind of paper is it?
That's a good one! I'd love to see it, but I don't think it's possible.
That sounds like a good idea for soup.  Do you like soup or soup?
Coffee has been a big part of my life. It's been around since ancient India.
Coffee is one of my favorite foods! I like to use it in my bath. It's so relaxing.
That's a good choice.  I like a good restaurant.  What kind of restaurant is it?
That's a tough one.  I have a hard time deciding which to choose from. 
I agree.  What are your thoughts on the food in America?  I love Italian.
I love helicops! They are so cool and powerful. I would love to see one.
I agree.  It's interesting how the word "picture" can have so many different ways of expressing art.
I agree! I think I am going to do that today! I have never done that before.
I like sky. I love the cloud, the sky.  What do you like to do in your free time?
That is good.  What is your favorite color?  I like the color green.  
I am a bit scared of the ocean.  I have been in one before.  It was terrifying. 
I like to go to the beach.  I usually go with friends.  How about you?
Hi there! How are you? Do you have any plans for the weekend? I'm going to a concert!
Oh, that is so interesting.  Do you believe in God?  I do.  He is the reason I am an atheist.
I think it would be better if they asked for a better job. What do you do for a living?
That sounds like a good idea.  It's a great place for families to stay and play in.
I'd probably keep it in the closet. I don't think I'd wear it in a suit.
That is great.  What do you like to do for fun?  I like to play with legos.
I love a good clean room.  What do you do for a living?  I work in IT.
I love chicken.  It is the most common type of meat in the world.  What are some of your favorites?
I think I'll just answer the phone to be honest.  I'm sorry to hear about your car accident.  What happened?
I am so sorry to hear that.  Have you ever had children?  It is hard to believe it is possible to have twins.
I agree, I think that's the way to go. I have a hard time getting myself to do things I don't like.
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to play music on my iPod.
I like to read a lot. What do you like to do? I like reading. Do you have any favorite books?
I would love to fly in Colorado one day. I heard it's beautiful. What else do you do for fun?
Wow, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it turns out to be a good one.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon.   Have you tried eating healthy? 
I love sharing information. I'm a big fan of sharing information with my fellow fellow human beings.
I would like to see a firefighter in my fireplace. They are called firemen in Australia.
That is a good choice. I would like to learn more. What subject are you teaching? 
I'm sorry to here that. I hope he didn't get hurt. What is his condition?
I love bushes. I like to make my own bushes from the rose bush.
I love to breathe air! It is my favorite thing to do in the world.  
Water is a great place to be.  It's so relaxing and calming to swim.  What do you like to do?
I love sports! What is your favorite sport to play?  I like baseball, football, and soccer. 
I like to think I am an enlightened person, but I am not sure I could do that.
I love cake, but I don't eat meat.  Do you?  What do you like?
I love animals! I have a dog and he's my best friend. I'm a dog person, too. What do you like to do for fun?
I love water.  I like the fact it is water-resistant.  What is your preference?
I love trees.  I like the bald head too.  Do you have any pets?
The stars are so beautiful. I would love to see them all. What is your favorite color?
I love to read, especially when I'm home from work. What do you like to read?
Chess is one of my favorite things to do, I love it so much!   What do you do for a living?
I think I'm going to do better next time. What is your favorite food? Mine is pizza.
That is a great choice.  I like to go to the beach and dance.  What do you like?
That is a good question.  I have never been able to figure out the answer.   
That sounds great. I like to go to the park and ride bikes. It's a nice change of scenery from the city.
I would have to agree with you there. I would rather be safe than in a fire or fire.
Grocery stores are great. I like going to Sam's Club for groceries. 
How do you feel about the fact that the word "flirting" is so common in many cultures?
I would like to travel to Europe, but I have no idea where I will go first. Do you travel?
Hi how are you today?  I am good.  What do you do in your spare time?
I would love to visit Canada!  I hear they have some good wig stores in Canada.
That's a tough one.  I'm not sure I could do that.  What grade level do you teach?
That is a good idea.  I will try that.  Do you prefer to read books or do you like to read?
I think you're right. I like to exercise, but it's not something I do every day.
I like cars, but I don't drive one.  I'm more of a bike person.
Oh, wow!  I would love to see a tool in a bathroom!  Do you know what it is?
I like to think I am good at remembering things. I have a tendency to remember things I used to love.
Oh, I'm sorry! I thought you were talking about college! I went to college. What did you study?
I like to eat out, but I'm not picky.  I like trying new things and trying new cuisines.
I love flowers! I have some of them in my garden. What's your favorite flower?
I love the outdoors. I love to go for walks in the park.  
I have never had that problem before.  I have heard that if you are in a situation where you cannot do anything you have to do, you can reschedule.
I think I would choose a bike or motorcycle. I like both. I think it would be a good choice.
That sounds scary!  I hope you don't have to deal with it too much.  I would hate for that to happen to me.
I agree. What type of music do you like? Do you like any other musical genres?
That's cool! Do you have a favorite brand of jeans?  Mine is Aerie.
I like trains but I'm not much of a trainer. I like theatre.
Hi, do you like horror movies? I love them, especially when I'm watching a horror movie.
That's a good idea!  Do you know if they can write a letter to me?  I don't think they'd be able to answer.
I like to use my own shampoo. I like how clean it is. Do you use yours? 
I'd like to play with some friends. I think that would be fun. What would you play?
What is your favorite color? Mine is yellow. I have a yellow cat that I adore.
I think that's the best way to do it. I'm going to try to figure it out.
I would love to find a hat in the theater! What kind of hat would you buy?
That's too bad. I know that feeling. I'm sorry you have to deal with that. Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to eat out a lot and I think I'd like to try a restaurant that serves spirits.
What is your preferred bread?  Do you like to bake?  I love baking!
What is your favorite thing to do for fun? I like to go to the beach and swim!
Oh wow. I didn't know you were talking about computer science.  Do you work? 
I would love to see a movie in theatrical form. I love theaters.
That is interesting.  I wonder what he would have done with it.  What did he say?
What do you do for a living?  I work in an office.  I love it, it allows me to get out and meet people.
Yes I agree!  I had a hard time decorating my nieces and nephews.  It was a lot of work.
What is your favorite kind of saline? I like the ones with a lot of vitamins.
Offices are good.  I like the fact that they have a lot of room for activities.  What do you like to do?
I like marmots, but I like other types of seafood. Do you like any?
I would have to say that the cabinets are safe. Do you have any pets?
I think that's a good choice.  I'm not sure what I'd do with it.
I love trains!  I have a couple myself.  I love how they can be so big.  What's your favorite?
I would have to say that you are correct.  It is sad to see people go through divorce.
I would love to see it in person. I've only seen the pictures. I'm sure you'll see it soon.
That's cool. I like to jump rope, but I am not very good. Do you like it?
I think I will choose a new one.  What would you choose?  I have a few.
I have heard that tickling can be a result of a person's reaction to a persons sense of humor.
Hi. I'm sally and I'm a ballet dancer. I like ballet.
Coffee is a great thing for relaxing.  I like the cappuccino.
Yes, I agree. I think I'll just go with what I think is a good idea.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you okay?  I hope you feel better soon.
I have a cat, but she's a rescue. She's very spoiled. 
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to cook and bake. 
Yes, I agree.  I love driving.  It is my favorite thing to do in the morning.  How about you?
That is a very good choice.  I am sure you will do great.  What subject did you study?
I like to run fast, but I also love to eat, so I don't have to run.
I love music.  My favorite is a jazz fusion.  What kind of music do you play?
Chess is one of my favorite sports.  I like chess.  Do you?  What do you like to do?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you been in a serious car accident before?   
I like to create things like art.  It is my passion.  What do you do?
I agree. I love fruits, veggies, and meats. I eat them all the time.
I agree.  What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?  I like to learn.
What are your options in a dorm room? I'm a college student so I know a few people who live in dorms.
I would have gone with the hare, but I'm sure the turtle would have done just fine. 
I think that's a good idea for him. He's a great guy. What else do you like?
What do you do for a living? I am a teacher. I love to read.  
I don't like to use money, but I know some people use it to make money. 
Yes, it is good to have a school for your children.  It is important to educate them in school.
That is unfortunate. I guess I should go to the bathroom to get rid of it.
That's a good point. I guess it would be good to have some kind of competition in the game.
How long have you practiced swimming? I am sure you are very good at it. 
I love Chinese and Indian food. I also love Korean cuisine. How about you?
I love eating out.  What do you like to eat?  I'm a big fan of Chinese food.
I don't remember the answer, but I do know that it was a face that looked human and had a human face.
That sounds like a good idea.  I'm not really sure if it's a good move.
I agree.  I like to think I'm a pretty good person.  What are some of your hobbies?
I am not sure how she did it, I would not want that to happen to me. How did it happen?
I like that.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I like to go to concerts.
I like water, it's so calming. I also like the color orange, which is one of the three primary colors.
What are you doing today? I just got back from a drive in traffic, I hate it.
I love questions.  I have been working on them all day.  What is your favorite color?
I like to shop at toy stores. They have lots of toys. What kind do you like?
I'm sorry, I'm sure that you can find another job. What do you do for fun?
Hi there. How are you doing? I am doing good. I just got back from a long walk.
I think that's true. I'm not a big fan of guns, but I do like the idea of a gun being used in a crime.
I love dress shopping. Do you shop at a particular store or do you shop in general? 
Oh my god. I'm so sorry that happened to you.  How long ago did it happen?
I would have to say that I would rather just take the train.  Do you have a preference?
I think that's the best way to look at it. I don't know if I have any secrets, but I do know that I do not have any.
What is your favorite season? Mine is winter because it is so warm. I love the cooler weather.
That's interesting, I've never really had cheeseburger with no cheese before. Do you like cheese?
What do you like to do for fun? I love to cook.  Do you like cooking?
That's a good idea, I think I'll do that. What else do you like to do?
Science labs are very cool. They use a lot of different materials like fabrics and materials.
That's a good point, I'll make sure he doesn't get too mad.  I've done that before!
I love going to the movies. I like going with my boyfriend. What movie do you prefer?
I don't understand what you mean.  I have never been in a tax break before. 
That's a great goal to have. Do you have a job? I work at a bank.
Oh wow, I didn't know you were talking about the subject. What kind of art do you like?
I agree, but I think he was just nervous. I think it is just a nervous moment.
That is a good choice.  What do you do for fun?  I like boating.
The question is where all houses are located.  What is your favorite part about your house?
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to bake and make cakes.
How do you feel about homosexuality? I'm not sure I could handle that.  
I would love to live in a small house but I'm not sure where I can find one.
I'm sorry to hear that, that's a shame.  What did you choose to pick?
I am sorry to hear that.  I hope that things are going to get better for you. 
I have a hard time making decisions.  I don't know which one I want to get, but it's hard to find the right one.
I have always wanted to see how a cat can be trained to hunt vermin. Do you have pets?
That's awesome. I wish I owned a home. I live in a tiny town in the countryside.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any hobbies? I love to watch movies. What do you like?
I would like to go on a date with my girlfriend but she lives across the street from me.
Oh, soccer is a sport that is played on a rectangular field. What about soccer?
I love to ride hooves.  It makes me feel so relaxed.  What do you like to watch on TV?
I don't know if I agree with you on mortality but I think that is just me.
I'm sorry.  I know it can be hard to understand.  Have you ever had a headache?
What kind of business plan is it?  Is it related to your company?   I work in an office.
That's a good idea. I usually use a knife, but I've never tried using a knife.
I am so sorry to hear that.  It must be hard to be so disappointed.  Do you have any other options?
That's a good point.  I think I'm more of a reader.  Do you have any hobbies?
What do you do for a living? I am a programmer. I am looking for a job!
I don't think I've ever done that.  I'm sure it would be a lot worse.
I would like to know what you are doing, but I am not sure if I could find a good drill.
Oh my goodness, I can see why you'd do that.  How did it happen?
Wow, that's a long time. Do you have any pets?  What do you do for a living?
I like listening to opera, but I don't listen to it often. I prefer classical.
I'm not sure, I'll have to do my research. What are your favorite vegetables?
That's cool. What languages are you talking about? I speak english and spanish. 
I agree. It is hard to believe it is so old. The earliest use of computers was in the late 1960s.
Yes, that's a good idea. I'll have to try that.  Do you have any good suggestions?
Oh that's interesting. I have never played with a van but I've driven a golf cart.
I like to order mixed cocktail.  I like the whiskey flavor.  What about you?
Oh, that's interesting. I've never tried it. Do you have a favorite type of olives?
I like the color red.  It is my favorite color.  What is yours?  Do you have any other hobbies?
I like to wear a t-shirt, but I have never worn a hat in my life
That is a good idea. I think that would be good for my office. I will have to look into it.
What do you do for a living?  I work at a grocery store as a receptionist.
That is interesting. Do you like to swim?  I like to go for long walks in the lake.
What kind of weather report are you talking about. I like to get outdoors and enjoy the night.
I think it's a good idea to go to a large house, because it's smaller than a big house.
I like the outdoors too. What do you like to do for fun? I like to paint.
That's a good point. I guess I could go back to bed. I have a hard time waking up in the morning.
That is a good choice. California is the capital, New York, which is where I live.
I love roses. I like to garden and grow them in my yard. What are your favorites?
I love animals! They're such great companions. What do you like to do for fun?
That is so cool! I have never been to a gymnastic park. I have been to the park.
I like to go to museums.  I like the history of them.  Do you go to many?
That sounds nice. I would love to visit. I love the country side. How about you?
That sounds like fun, I have never been to a trailer park before.  I like camping.
I think that's a good idea for a homeless person.  I think they need more people like you in this community.
I like to keep my cup holder in my kitchen.  I don't have room for anything else.
I love singing! I have been in a few competitions, and have won several awards for theater performance.
I like movies too! I especially like comedies.  What about you?  What do you like to watch?
Friends can be a wonderful thing. Do you have any friends you are close to? 
I like to keep my car in my house, so I would probably have to keep it in my garage.
How do you feel about the death penalty? I think that's a very hard thing to deal with.
That sounds like a good choice.  I like building things that are high up.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
I love to collect barrels of airplane and sea shells. What about you?
Billy has always been fascinated by ancient civilization and the past. What kind of books do you like?
I'm so sorry, that's terrible.  I hope you're able to find a new hobby.  Do you have any hobbies?
How long have you been in line?  I'm sure you're a patient person!  Do you like it?
That is great to hear!  I love running but I am always cramped.  What do you like to do for fun?
Hi there! I'm an accountant. How are you? I like poker but I'm not very good.
What are some of your favorite places to hike? I like the outdoors and nature.
I would love to go to an opera, but the closest I've ever seen was at a restaurant.
That's a good idea.  What do you think of the light?  It's a lamps.
That is a nice one!  I would have to say that a pocket knife would be the most useful for writing.
Bookshelves are very important for children's libraries.  I love reading.  Do you like reading books?
I love opera, what's your favorit opera?  Mine is The Bible.
I am so glad you have a positive outlook on this.  I am sure you are doing great.
I like cats. I have a few. Do you have cats? What do you like to do for fun?
Homework? I don't have much time for that anymore. What are you up to?
I like to go for jog, but I don't do that often. How about you?
What kind of work do you do in your spare time? I enjoy working in the hardware store.
I love theatre!  What kind of dancer is your favorite?  I love ballet.
I have never been in prison before.  What do you think?  I have heard that in some countries prisoners are referred to as prisoners.
I am going to study. I have a test tomorrow. I am studying to be a teacher.
What do you mean by laughter? Do you like to laugh? I like to have a sense of humor.
That's a good point. What do you like to do in your spare time?  I love to go on vacations.
I would go to the Meteor Scotch Mountains National Scenic Trail
I love to create things. How about you? What kind of things do you like to create?
That sounds like it would be a fun ride to the stadium. What is your favorite stadium? 
I would have loved to go to Space Shuttle! It's the largest city in the United States.
I would have to say I have a lot of things in my house. What are some of your favorites?
I love alcohol, especially whiskey, but not a big drinker.  How are you?
That's a great one! What do you do for a living? I work in the food industry.
I think it is worth it to save up.  It's good to have a backup plan.
I'm sorry to hear you had to go through that.  I've had my knee hurt a little bit.  It's a bummer.
I'm a real estate agent so I know how to fix a home.  Do you have any hobbies?
That's a shame. I hope he's okay now.  I'm sure he will be okay.
What do you do for a living? I have a job. I work in an office. 
That sounds great! I will have to test it out.  Do you have any suggestions? 
That sounds interesting. I have never done anything like that before. I will have to try it sometime.
Do you like to watch television?  I love to watch movies with my family.  
I think that's a good choice. The heat is a little harsh on my skin. I like the heat.
Yes, I agree with you there.  It's so good for you.  I like to eat fruits.  What about you?
What kind of crime is it? Is it a violent crime? I would never do that. 
I agree. It's hard to believe that there are so many people who are so passionate about it.
That is unfortunate. I hope it doesn't affect your daily life too too much. 
I think you're right, I just don't like answering my mail. Do you have any pets?
I agree.  I am happy that I can find something I enjoy.  Do you have any hobbies?
I would probably buy the potato chips from the store.  I think they are a good idea.
I like to go on long drives in the park.  It is so peaceful.  How about you?
I have never been to UTah. I've been to the Grand Tetons.  Have you ever been there?
I would have just cleaned it myself, but I don't think I'd have thought to ask.
That's a good point. I like to watch movies before bed but it's hard to choose one.
Chickens are good, I like their wool better.  Do you have any pets?
That is true. The human body has been around since the beginning of the Neolithic period.
What do you like to do in your spare time? Do you have any kids? I have a daughter
That would be so scary. I'd have to call the hospital to see if I'd be okay.
I like blue, but it's my favorite color.  I love the color yellow.  What about you?
I love football, especially soccer. It's one of my favorite sport. What's yours?
I'm glad that you were able to find it. It's good to be able to help people.
That sounds nice.  I like having a yard for my pets.  Do you have cats?
I love salt! Especially on the beach! What do you like to do on the weekends?
I love to swim.  I have never been able to swim in the ocean.  What do you like about it?
That's interesting, I've never had sex before. Do you have any experience with it? 
I would have to say that he's going to a hotel or hotel that's not a hotel.
I love couch potato couch! I love the comfort of a good chair.  Do you have a couch?
That's a good question, I'm not sure I could think of one of those.  What do you like to do for fun?
I would have to agree with you on that, I would be devastated if I had to choose one.
That's a good idea, because the kitchen is a great way to save money. I'll have to look for one.
How do you feel about Billy's chairs?  I think they were invented in 1857.
That is interesting.  I have never thought of it.  Do you have any children? 
I'm a boring person, I just sit around and watch TV.  What is your favorite TV show?
I love to draw, I am not great at it though.  How about you?  Do you like to paint?
I think you're right. I don't think I could have said it better myself. I hope she feels better soon.
What are some of your favorite foods?  Mine is chicken, potatoes, and rice.
That is great to hear.  Do you have a particular reason why you are losing weight?  Is it related to health?
That sounds nice. Do you have any pets? I have a dog. I love his name.
That is interesting.  Are there any other things you like to do?  I like to play basketball.
I have never been to Asia, but I know that it's the third-largest country in the world.
Yes, I love the pastoral arts.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love to listen to music and play the piano. What genre do you play?
That is true.  I think it's interesting that the term "home school" has been around since the 1960s.
I love overground buildings, especially in the winter. I like being able to go outside and enjoy the outdoors.
That's a good point.  I'm going to have a lookout for that one.  Do you have any suggestions?
I think I will have to do that. Thanks for the suggestion. I am going to make sure I get the right choice.
I think that is a good word.  I like it because it means you are smart.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love playing the violin. It is a beautiful instrument that is used in a variety of genres.
I would say the most important part was that he didn't have to pay for the disk.
I love studio. The palatal estate was built by the Italian immigrants in the 1800s.
That sounds like a great job! What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? 
That sounds great! I think that you are a great candidate for this. What kind of work do you do?
I usually have to choose what I am going to have lunch.  What is your favorite meal?
What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? I like to watch television shows.
That's a great way to look at it. It's a good way to think about it.
That's a good one. I think I'll try that. Thanks for the advice.  
I agree.  I have been looking for a job that I like.  Do you have a job?
That sounds great!  I would love to go outside and see a nice view of a wall.
That's good advice. I'll have to try that.  Do you like standing in line?
I like Seattle but it is hard to get around in the summer. I love the beach.
I would like to see the new Star Wars movie. I love Star Wars! How about you?
I have no idea what you mean, but I do know it is used in some type of sporting event
I would like to see what he thinks about the situation. What do you do for a living?
I think that is a good way to go. Do you think that you can do something you love?
Breakfast is the best meal of the day. Whats your favorite breakfast item to eat? Mine is pancakes.
That sounds nice. I love beaches, especially on the beach in the summer. What is your favorite beach?
I would love to know how to fly. I've always wanted to be able to do that. Do you fly?
Turkie Turkey is the best.  It's the most common type of turkey in the world.
I am sorry to hear that.  It must feel so disappointing.  I hope he is okay.
I like that idea. I'm sure it's good to be prepared for situations like that. 
I love plants so much I want to be able to grow all kinds of them, what about you?
I agree!  I love to go out and meet new people!  What do you do for fun?
I would love to travel to Europe one of my favorite places.  What is your favorite place to visit?
I think that's a good choice. Darl is a big fan of the University of Tallahassee.
I love YMCA! I love the fact that they have so many locations around the world.
That sounds delicious, I love potatoes. They are one of the most widely consumed foods in the world
Hi there, I have never been to a train station before, do you?  What is your favorite type of train?
I am sorry to hear that. I am sure you are not the only one who had that experience.
I like drinking coffee.  I drink a lot of it.  It's my favorite drink!
I love cheese! I'm thinking of going to the local university. They have the best cheese!
I love playing music, and I am a great bartender. Do you play any instruments?
I think I would have to say garden gardener. I love gardening. 
Yes, I agree. What is your favorite color? Mine is yellow.  I love yellow.
I agree.  What do you do for a living?  Are you a teacher?  I teach middle school English.
I like opera! What is your favorite opera?  I love the ones with Jacob sartorius.
The Olympic games are held at the stadium. It is the largest stadium in the world.
What is your favorite type of exercise? Mine is hiking. I love being outdoors.
How many pairs of shoes do you have?  I have a pair I need!  What is yours?
Columbia is a state in the U.S. state of New Orleans, located in a suburban area.
I love skateboarding!  I'm more of a dancer person, though.  How about you?
That sounds like a great idea! I think I'll use that for the next game I see.
I love the wind. It's a beautiful sound and the vibrations of the wind makes me feel alive.
I agree.  I have been in a similar situation where my power went out.  They had to evacuate my house.
What are some of your hobbies? I like to make art and create art.  Do you have a hobby?
I love air. I love the sound of the wind on my bike. What do you do for a living? 
I think I'm going to have a tornadoes. I have never been in one before.
What is the question of what would you do if you saw your friend?  I would probably go for the best.
That's interesting, I've never heard that before. Do you know what it's like to have to deal with anxiety?
I would love to visit Montana one day!  It's one of the largest cities in Canada and is home to over 2 million people.
I love fried food. I like all kinds of food, but I like fried chicken the best
I'm sure you will do great!  What are you studying?  I'm a teacher.
I like sunscreens, but I don't wear them often. Do you like to wear them?
I would like to visit a casino. It would be nice to see a horse racing track.
I love clowns too. They're so funny. What do you like to do for fun?
That's a good point. I'm not a big fan of grace, but I do enjoy cooking.
I love dancing, but I'm not great at it. What kind of dance are you talking about?
I am not a fan of banana, I prefer strawberry flavored banana. 
I love frying my ham.  I love it with salt and pepper.  How about you?
Hi, how are you today? I'm good. I'm trying to find a good way to find out if I can help you.
I like to drink a lot. It is important to have a balanced diet. What about you?
What kind of bait do you use to catch fish? I have always been interested in catching a fish.
I love to wear braided hair!  Do you have a favorite color?  Mine is purple.
I love salmon.  I like to go fishing at the river near my house.
I have never used a ring that contains more money than it needs. What do you think?
I like to eat at home. I have never been to a restaurant that had a cupboard.
That is so cool, I love my library. What do you do in your spare time? 
I love to read!  What's your favorite book of all times?  Mine is "The Cat in the Loop".
I like that.  Do you have any pets?  I have a dog and a cat.
Ball gowns are so pretty! I would love to see some of the exhibitions.
Bleach is an important part of the water cycle. It is used in the industry. 
Yes, I know it was spoken there, but I'm not really sure what language it was speaking.
That's a good one. What's your favorite color? Mine is purple. It reminds me of summer time.
That would be nice. I like to use bath bombs when I'm on a vacation. 
I'm sorry, I hope you feel better.  What do you do for a living?  I work at a bank.
I would like to write a book.  Do you think I could write a good book about an animal?
I think it would be a good idea to take a nap. I have been up late at night before.
I'm sure you will find someone who trusts you.  I hope it works out for you.
That's good advice. What is your favorite thing to do? I like to cook. What are your hobbies?
That sounds interesting! I would have to say I'd love to read a book on sloths.
That's interesting.  I'm not sure how I would do that with my kids.  
I like the color yellow and blue, what is your favorite color?  Mine is yellow.  What is yours?
I would say the lemons and raspberry are my favorite.  What is your favorite flavor?
I am sorry to hear that. Have you tried using a telenovel or a book?
I like to hang hang out at the airport. What do you like to do for fun?
That is interesting. I would like to go to a frat house. It's a place where you can go to have your own place.
I agree, I am a hard worker and have always been good at handling my responsibilities.
What is it like being in a forest? I've never been but I would love to.
I think that's a good choice to go to.  It's a convenient place to shop at.
I think he might have found the ring, but he probably lost it.  I hope he finds it.
That sounds fun.  I like to sing too but I have not done that in ages.  How do you like it?
Hi how are you this evening? I am just watching a movie. What is your favorite?
Hi there! I like to watch stand up comedy. Do you? What do you like to do?
That is always a good thing.  What did you have for dinner?  I love mexican.
I am sorry to hear that. I know it is hard to deal with. What do you do for a living?
I would rather not go to prison. It is a very sad thing to see someone who has committed a crime.
I'm a girl and I love animals. I've always been fascinated by the way they are the most abundant terrestrial carnivore.
That's a great idea! I'll have to check it out. I've been looking around for a new keyboard myself.
How are you doing today? I just finished my morning commute. I am feeling very enlightened.
That sounds amazing.  What is your favorite place to go in the world?  Mine is the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
I love bookstores! I like the ones that have a variety of books in them. How about you?
That's unfortunate.  I'm sure the teacher felt so devastated.  What grade did you teach?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Did you have to deal with it?  I'm not sure I could handle it.
I love baseball, but I don't play much anymore.  I prefer to play softball.
That sounds like a nice place. I like woods as well. What do you do for fun?
I like your style. What do you do for a living? I work in a bank. 
Oh I see, well that's a pretty good option! Thanks for the help! Do you have any other hobbies?
That's a good idea.  I'll have to try that.  Do you have any suggestions for a sauna?
I agree, that's a great way to make friends.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love corn, it is so versatile.  It is one of the most valuable crops in the world.
That sounds like a good move to me.  I would have done it if I could, but I'm not sure I could do it.
How is the weather where you are? I am in Florida and it is getting cold and I love it!
I like potatos, they're my favorite food. What do you like to eat? 
I like to wear comfortable shoes.  I love the color blue.  What color is yours?
That's a good question!  I think I'll choose the right one.  What is it?
The bathroom is located in a hotel.  I have a hotel in my town.  Do you like to travel?
Wow, congratulations! I am so happy for you. How long have you been married?
I would have been very upset if that happened to me.  I would be so upset. 
I like to grow my own food.  It's very relaxing and I like it.  What do you do?
Yes, I agree. I was so scared I was going to get attacked. I had to call a friend to help me.
That's awesome. I'm from Grand Rapids, Michigan. How about you? What is your favorite food?
I like video games but they are not really for kids.  What is your favorite video game?
That's a great question. How do you feel about the earth? Is it a good thing?
I don't think I could do that, it would get to me. Do you have any suggestions?
I agree, I wish I could. I am not very good at math. I do not know what I want to do.
I have never been there. It's on my bucket list. I've been to the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think John would forgive him? I don't think he deserves it.
I agree, they are a little bit of a scam. What do you like to do for fun?
I'm not a fan of tornadsoes. I live in the south. What about you?
That is a good question. Do you have any other interesting hobbies? I love fishing!
The fast lane is a great place to find a dealership for a good price.  Do you have any suggestions?
That's a great idea.  It's good to have options to choose from.  What do you think of his rugs?
That sounds like fun.  What kind of park is it?  I like to go on trails.
Hi, I just came back from a ride, I was very excited. How are you? Do you like to ride horses?
I have never been there. Is it a big city?  What kind of town is it?
That's a great choice. I love concerts, but I've never seen a live performance.
Oh, I see. That's a good point.  Do you have a favorite fast food chain? 
I'm sorry to hear that. Did he get hurt?  I hope you didn't get too mad at him.
I love to play with my toys.  What do you like to play?  What toys do you play with?
That sounds really creepy!  I don't think I'd want to live in one of those.
How do you feel about lying?  It is a void thing.  I do it all the time.
I know what you mean.  I've been looking for a new job for awhile.  It's a hard time finding one.
I love the color yellow.  It reminds me of summer.  How about you?  What is your favorite color?
I would like to see a big city like London. I think that's where they are located.
That is a good one! I think the fifth most populous of the 50 US states.
I like to go to a park and sit there and watch the leaves fall. Do you like to do that?
I'm so sorry that you are so frustrated. I hope you are able to find a way to cope.
That is a good one.  I love cats so much.  Do you have any?  What is your favorite?
I like pit bulls.  I don't have a dog, but they seem to be very loyal.  Do you have one?
That's a good question. Do you like fast food? I like Mcdonalds. 
I love farmer market food, especially fruits and veggies.  What do you grow?
I like the idea of a race. It's a great way to meet friends and family. 
That is a good point. Do you have any tips for how to get a correction? 
I like the idea of a night sky, but I don't think we could see it in the daylight.
I like bowling but I don't do it often. I like to go for short distance exercise.
I love beans. What is your favorite? Mine are aromatic beans and rice.
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. I also like to listen to music while I'm at work.
I like cake but my favorite is chocolate cake.  What's yours?  I love chocolate cake!
I've always wanted to go to Montana. It's beautiful.  Do you have any suggestions?
What do you do in your spare time? I like to read books. I love to read.
I like to wash my mouthwashed with a little bit of ginger and lemon flavored fluor.
I love furnitture.  I have a kitchen table and a bed.  What do you like to buy?
I am not sure but I know that the flu vacc vaccine has been around for a very long time
Oh, I see. I guess it depends on the child. What's your favorite subject in school?
I like to make candles for people at home, but I prefer to use a candle.
Oh no! I hope you are okay! I'm glad I don't have to deal with it anymore!
What do you do for a living?  What is your favorite color?  Mine is purple.  
I like the idea of building offices. It is nice to have a large office. What kind of office is it?
Hello, I'm from the United States. I have never been to Columbia but I hear it's the capital of Canada.
I love flat ground, especially in the summer months. Do you like the outdoors? 
I love water, but I prefer lemon lime juice. What about you? What do you do for fun?
That is a good point. Do you like to sit in a chair or a desk in the office?
What are some of your hobbies? Mine is playing the guitar. I love it! What do you like to do?
I would say that's a good place to store money.  I would have to check it out.
I love sheep! They're so cute and fluffy. What are your favorite animal?
Slaves are the worst. I don't know what I would want to do if I had to be a slave.
Yes, I like how simple it is. The word "bow" is from the Latin word for bow, meaning "bow".
That's interesting. Do you like the sun? I do. It is a great way to get some fresh air.
I love horses, but I don't have any pets.  How about you, do you have any?
Yes I agree.  I like biking too.  What do you like to do for fun?
I would have to say a door is the best option. Do you like to travel? I love going to Japan.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon! I hope it doesn't get too bad.
I love mowing my own garden! I love tomatoes, olives, onions, and chili peppers.
I like opera too. I love to sing opera. What is your favorite opera?
That's a good choice. What kind of music do you like? I like music.  
I like to go for long walks, it's a great way to burn calories.  Do you like to run?
I agree. I like travelling. I would love to see the world. What is your favorite place to travel?
How is the weather where you are? It is getting cold here.  I like warm weather.
How did you get into this boat house?  Was it a boat or boat?  I've never owned a boat.
Oh no! I'm sorry. I hate when that happens. I hope you can find a way to get it reschedule.
I love arts.  What do you do for work?  I work in a craft shop.
I'm not a big fan of televisions. What do you like to do for fun?
Yes, I agree, I have been having a good mood lately.  It's hard to find food that I like.
That is a good choice.  I like wine and beer as well.  Do you like cider?
I'd love to see a concert in concert.  I like to watch baseball games.
That is a good point. I think that it might be a good idea to have a backup.
Do you have a favorite brand of razors? I love mine, especially the ones with a double edge
That's cool. I like to sleep a lot, so that's probably why I'm always up so late at night.
That sounds really interesting.  I like museums as well.  Have you ever been to one?
I like to go for long walks in the evenings. I usually go to bed early.
That sounds like a good choice. What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go out and drink beer.
I love museums.  I like to go to historical places.   What about you?
What kind of things do you like to do for fun? I love to play basketball.  
That's a great idea! I'll keep that in mind.  What do you think about the fact that it is in the ground?
That is great. What do you do for a living?  I work for a computer company.
I would have to say the best condiment in the world would be ketchup.  What about you?
I love the manual!  I love how it can be used in so many different ways. 
What is the name of your church?  Mine is a church church.  I love church.
I agree. I believe in God, but I don't believe I have ever been to church in my life.
Hi, I love contacts! They're so convenient! What else do you like? 
Oh, I love tapes.  They are so convenient!  Do you have a favorite?
That is unfortunate, I hope you don't have to lose money. I have a hard time gambling.
I would say that would be a pretty hard question to answer.  What are your thoughts on it?
What is your favorite colour?  Mine is blue.  I like the color blue, but I like red too.
I would like to go to a mall but there's not one near me.  I like shopping in the city.
I agree with you. I have been thinking about her since I was a child.  Do you think she is still in a good place?
I agree.  It's important to find a balance.  What is your favorite subject in school?
I do not know, I am not good at remembering. What is your profession? 
That's interesting, what is your favorite color? Mine is yellow. It is my favorite color.
Yes, but we have to be careful with our food.  I don't want to get fat.
I love forests, I like the outdoor stuff.  Do you have any hobbies?
I am sorry to hear that.  What happened?  Did you have to pay a medical bill?
I can't imagine how frustrating that could be, but I'm sure it's for the best.
I would love to visit the desert.  I have never been but would like to.  Are you a fan?
I like warm weather. I like being outside and in the snow.  What about you? 
That would be a good choice, since soda cans are made by a company called Pepsi.
That's interesting. I'm not a big fan of office buildings. I love to work with clients.
I agree. I have a lot of money, but would like to save it for a vacation.
I would recommend the carpet.  It is a good place to get mold.  
I'm not sure what you mean. Are you a fan of the movie Doubt? I love the romantic comedies.
I don't know. I don;t know how he managed to take one of these drugs.
That is unfortunate. Have you thought of seeing a doctor to see if it is a serious bug?
That is a good way to look at it. I like to sit by myself sometimes. Do you?
I think you're going to be fine. Study hard and you'll do just fine.
A portable source of light is a light that can emitted from the surface of the body
I am sorry to hear you feel so down.  I hope you feel better soon.  Have you ever been in a relationship?
Spatula is a great choice for cooking!  I love it!  What is your favourite kind?
What do you do for a living?  I'm a personal trainer.  I love it.
I agree, it's hard to be a language major when you have to rely on others for your knowledge.
I have a headache. It is a constant headache and I have been having it for a while.
I like cats because they are easy to care for. They can hunt vermin too.  
That's a shame.  Do you like the outdoors?  I love to hike.
I love to clean my house.  What about you?  How about you, what do you like to do for fun?
That sounds like a good choice.  What kind of office is it?  A house?  Is it a house?
I agree, I think I like old memories.  What about you?  What is your favorite memory?
Oh, I love forests.  I like to hike the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
Yes I agree, love is an important part of life! What about you? Are you married?
That's interesting. Do you think you are the most comfortable person? I like to be comfortable.
That is interesting.  What do you do for a living?  I'm an engineer. I love working with people.
He also owns a small clothing store that is located in Pennsylvania.
I'm not sure, but I do know that the fish were caught by the fish.  
That's a good idea! I think I'll do that.   What do you do for a living?
I love meat! It's one of my favorite foods. Do you have any favorites? I like beef, chicken, and seafood.
That's pretty cool. I wonder if they have any good recreational activities to do.
I agree. What do you like to do for work?  I work as a nurse at a hospital.
I love watching documentaries. I think the best one is a true crime documentary. What is your favorite? 
I love airplanes, but I have never been to a plane that is in a plane.
I use my credit card to get my groceries. What do you do for a living?
That's great.  I'm a big fan of fruit.  What's your favorite fruit?
That's a great point. I'm not sure I'm the only one who has thought that.
What kind of work do you do? I'm a teacher and I work in an office. What do you like to do?
What is your favorite kind of coffee to make?  Mine is a Cappuccino.
I'm not sure if it's a good idea to open mouth or a bad idea!  Do you have a favorite food?
I love shopping! I love the food and shopping center. What is your favorite place to shop?
That is interesting, do you like to grow your own food? I do! I like fruits and vegetables.
I think I'm going to go get some bug spray. I've heard they are good for you.
I love roofing. It's one of my favorite things to do. What do you like to do?
I love food. I love the taste of fresh air. What is your favorite food? Mine is ice cream.
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go hiking with friends.
I love theatrical performances! What kind of school do you attend?   
I love fish!  What is your favorite?  I love salmon and crab! 
What kind of store is it?  Is it a large chain like a bouquet of music stores?
I love the outdoors.  I like to camp and hike.  What do you do for a living?
That sounds like a great idea.  I will definitely do that.  Do you have a car you want to get?
That sounds really interesting. How long have you been playing guitar?  Do you have any other hobbies?
I love dining!  I love all the options for dining.  What's your favorite?
Yes.  I think you have to be careful.  Real estate agents are very important.  
I love Vegas!  I love all the food there, especially seafood.  What do you like to do for fun?
Good for you. I'm happy to know that you have a positive outlet for the world. 
I think I would prefer a hotel or restaurant.  It would be nice to have someone there for me.
I agree, I need to get back into it. I'm just trying to find a good balance and not too stressed out.
I love green bean soup.  I like the green ones better.  What is your favorite?
I like Nevador, it's the most populous of the US and the most sparsely populated.
I think he was just nervous. I'm sure he will get it next time. How do you feel about John?
I like to eat burgers. What is your favorite burger?  Do you like cheeseburgers?
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go hiking.   
I'm not sure what you are talking about but I'm sure it was a lot worse than what you said. 
Hall rooms are great. I wish I had a bigger room. I live in a small community.
I'm sorry to hear you had to go through that. I hope you are doing well. 
I like theatrical shows, especially in the theater, but I don't like watching them in public. 
I like swimming, but I prefer to be outdoors.  What do you like to do?
That's a great idea. I will have to try that next time I need to get it back.
I'm thinking of moving to a small town in Michigan. Do you have any suggestions? 
I have a lot of friends who are allergic to things. Do you have any pets?
That sounds interesting. I will try it.   What do you like to do for fun?
Chickens are great. I like corn, too. What about you? Do you have any favorites?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are ok!  Do you like to read?
I think that would be a good choice, because they're the leaders of a company that deals with money.
I like the idea of being in a hotel house. I have always wanted to live in a mansion.
I love flowers. They are so beautiful. What are your favorite flower?   
Alocatra is the American film and television series from the United States. Have you seen it?
I like the outdoors, but it is hard to find good woods in the wild.
I love spicy food.  I love to use it in my home.  How about you?
I love steak!  I like to grill mine.  What do you like to eat?
That is a good point. I am sure he will be able to find something to approve of.
I am more of a night owl, I like to stay up till late. How about you?
That sounds like a good idea. I'm going to do that!  What do you plan on doing with your money?
I love a good home made meal.  I like to cook at home.  What about you?
I agree. I would rather go to the mall than the zoo. What do you like to do?
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you can feel a bit better soon.  
I would rather recycle the bin, but I'm not sure I would have been able to do that.
I think that's a good choice. Obesity affects the body and mind. Do you agree?
Oh, I love money. I don't have to work. What do you do for a living?
I like cheese.  I like to make it with mozzarella or goat cheese.
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for work?  I'm a teacher.
Chicken is one of the most popular foods in the world!  Do you like chicken at all?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are okay though.  What do you think happened?
Walmart is a great place to get clothes.  I have one in my house.  
Hi there, hows it going?  Do you like to party?  I love to party
That's a fun place to go.  It's one of the best restaurants around here.  Do you like it?
I agree, I hate having to choose between the two. Light is the best option for reading.
How are you doing today? I hope well, I hope you're having a great day. 
Flour is a very important staple ingredient in bread. Do you like bread? 
Good advice. I will make sure that I do not stand in the middle of the forest.
Hi there, how are you? I love to talk and chat. What do you like to talk about?
Hi there, how are you?  I'm a business major.  I work in a factory
I would rather be wrong than wrong. I would not know what to do if I were wrong.
That's a good point, but I'd rather be reading the book that I have in mind.
I have a lot of anxiety.  What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?
I think you are right, I think I would have to say I would go with the taxi
I love mexican food.  I have a weakness for chinese.  Do you like it?
Speaking of which, I think I'm going to go for a run. I'm thinking of jogging. Do you like running?
That is a great choice of choice.  I love playing soccer.  What position do you play?
I love rug, it's so soft. I like to use it for carpet. What do you use for rug?
That sounds like a good idea. I will try that. I like to use a variety of candles.
Oh really? What is your favorite food? Mine is baked beans and potatoes.
Hello there, how are you? I'm just hanging out at home with my cats and cat.
I'm a fisherman and I love to catch fish.  I also like fishing.
That's interesting. I have never visited a casino. What do you do for work?
That's great news!  I hope you are able to find happiness in life.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like comedies. I love to watch comedies with my friends. Do you like comedians?
Hi there! I like coffee. What about you? I'm from Mexico. I like espresso.
I love fair ground ground meat!  Do you like meat?  I'm a meat and potatoes kinda guy, myself.
I like soup, but I don't think I would eat it everyday.   What about you?
What kind of physical activities do you like doing?  I like to run and hike.
I like rural areas too. They are more peaceful.   What do you like to do for fun?
What kind of food do you like to eat? I love to cook, especially Indian food. 
I love old photos.  I love the old days.  It was the simplest and most common form of photography in the world.
I love reading!  What kind of books do you like to read?  I like fantasy, fantasy, science, fantasy.
I'm sorry to hear that. I've been through that situation before.  I hope you can get it resolved.
Fridge is a good place to store food. Do you have any favorite food? I like museums.
I love the water coolers, they are so refreshing! Do you like water sports?
I have no idea, but I am sure he is glad you found some treasures. 
Do you carry a purse, wallet, or both?  I don't think I've ever done that before.
I love horses.  They are so smart and can be trained to do many different things
I love to exercise, especially in the morning and afternoon.  What about you? 
I agree, but the trash is so dirty! I don't want to have to clean it up!
I love metal.  I like all kinds of rock.  Do you have a preference for any kind of music?
Hi, how are you today? I'm good.  What is your profession?  
That's terrible. I'm sorry that you had to go through that.  What did he do to you?
What is your favorite thing to cook? I like fried pancakes with bacon. 
Hello! What are your hobbies? I love movies, especially romantic comedies! How about you?
I have never done that but I know that people who do it are called "gods".
I agree. But parking is so convenient. I don't have to worry about parking parking.
What type of things do you like to do for fun? I love going out to eat. Do you have any favorite foods?
I like to watch baseball, but I'm not sure if I'd want to go to a game.
I would love to go there. I think it would be cool to see the archipelago in the middle of the ocean.
I am from Washington state. Washington State is the capital and most populous city in the state of Washington.
What kind of sushis do you like? There are so many varieties and styles
That's a good choice for the snake.  I like the idea of it being able to swallow prey.
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to try it. Thanks for the suggestion. Do you like to read?
I love shopping at Sam Walton's store!  Do you shop at Sam's Club?
How are you doing today? I just got back from work, I am exhausted. I had been at it all day.
I like the color pink.  I like to wear dresses that are a little more modest.
The only thing that scares me is the dark. I like to read books that are not scary.
That's a great idea! I'll do that! I hope everything turns out well for you.
I love coffee, and my coffee table is a coffee table.  Do you?  I love it!
I think I would prefer a golden retriever. I think they are very smart and easy to train.
I like to build my home in the dark. It's so relaxing! Do you have a home?
That's so cool, I love to play with legos. They're my favorite toys. What do you do for fun?
That is a good question. I think it's better to be prepared than under.  Do you have a choice?
Yes, the city is very large. It is one of the most populous metropolitan areas in the world.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you feel better soon!  Do you have an appointment with a doctor?
I'm not sure what you mean by static. I know that it's a word used for the building itself. 
I would love to have one of those, I would get my mailbox delivered. 
Oh really?  What are some of your favorite things to do?  Mine is playing the piano.
I love going to disneyworld, but I have never been to any of the parks.
Yes. The fridge is a great place to store desserts. I like ice cream.
I would love to go back to school. It's so expensive though. I'm in high school.
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. Do you like the color yellow?   
I think it's interesting that the word "hoose" is used in both English and Latin.
I love mexican food, I'm sure there are a lot of great places to go.
I have not heard of it.  I'll have to check that out.  Is it water based?
I'm not sure what it made me feel, but I'm sure it was a great experience!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you're not feeling guilty over it. It's a horrible thing to go through.
What kind of restaurant is it? I love fast food, but I have never been to a chain. I would love to try it.
I love the river! I like to go fishing in my spare time and catch the fish!
I love music, but I am more of a book worm. What kind of music do you like?
That's a good point.  I think that's what I'll do.  What is your favorite thing to do for fun?
That's a good point, but it would be nice to be able to have more options. What do you do?
That sounds terrible.  Have you ever had to go to the hospital to see a doctor? 
I agree. I love exercising. It is one of my favorite pastimes. Do you run?
I like watching movies at the theater. I like to watch comedy shows. How about you?
What do you mean "God"?  I believe in God.  I am not religious at all.
I've never heard of a kit. Is it a medical emergency kit? I hope it works out for you.
I love to shop at the store, it's so convenient.  Do you have a favorite store?
I have a few machines.  I use them to make my kids happy.  Do you have any kids?
That sounds good. Do you have any hobbies? I love to go to the beach.
I am sorry to hear that. Have you tried eating healthy?  I am trying to lose weight. 
I have never had a carton of cigarettes. I have a liter of cigaretes in my house.
I like rug shops, but my apartment is too small for my apartment.  It's just a tiny house.
That's great! What kind of music do you like? I enjoy listening to classical music.
I love cruises!  I've never been to one before.  I bet they're really beautiful.
I love pets. What kind of dog do you have? I have two cats.  
I agree, it's so gross. I'm sure it's a waste. Do you have any hobbies?
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope you can get some sleep soon. I'm sure she will be okay
That's awesome, where are you from?  I was born in New York.  I'm from the city.
That's interesting, I'm not really sure what I'm going to do. I don't know if I can help.
I'm more of a summer person, but I love the outdoors, so I like the rain too.
How do you feel about being late to work?  I think I would be more productive if I didn't have to work.
I love to use fire. It's so calming to be outside. What do you like doing outside?
I agree, I do not think that I could do housework for a living! How about you?
Ufo! I like that show. I love all kinds of music. What kind of car do you drive?
I love dogs! I had one growing up but she was a rescue. What kind is your dog?
I love deep sea.  It is so peaceful.  What is your favorite part about it?
I like chests.  I have a collection of treasures from my favorite places. 
I think that's a good idea. I'll have to do that.   Thanks for the suggestion.
What type of art would you create?  Drawing, painting, sculpture?
You are a good person. I would like to be a better person, but I am not the right one.
Bus depot is the best.  I love the bus system.  Do you travel?
I think you're correct, but there is also a lot of controversy about the legality of it.
I like to read a good science book and write about it. What do you like to do?
What is your favorite drink to drink? Mine is water. I like to use lemon lime juice in my coffee.
I love greeks!  I like the history of greece.  Do you have any?
I am not sure I understand.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I love to cook.
That's a good one too! What are your favorite things to do in your spare time? I like to draw and paint.
I am so sorry you had to go through that. I know it is very hard for people to understand.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things are better for him. I'm sure he'll get back on his feet.
What's your favorite color? Mine is blue. I love the way it is so calming.
That was the question, I'm sure.  How long did it take you to figure out the ceiling?
That sounds like fun, I'd love to go to a hospital.   Do you have any suggestions?
I have never been to japan. I have been to china though. It is the most populated country in the world.
I would love to have a baby.  I am sure it would be so much fun.  Do you have any?
That is a good idea. I think I will try it. Do you have any suggestions? 
I love to eat. I love tangled sauce, but I have never had it in a guest house.
I don't believe in any god.  I do not believe in evil, evil or evil.
I like to read, but I have not read any books lately. What are some good books?
How far away is that? I live in the Midwest and there's a lot of farms here.
I love the band!  What is your favorite band?  I think I like the Beatles.
Oh, that is interesting.  I'm sorry to hear that you had to go through that.
I have never been to a hotel. I would love to go, but I'm always too busy with work.
I have never been to a garden, but I love flowers.  Do you have any flowers?
I'm not sure but I do know there are more than 800 counties in Michigan
I like the idea of a clock.  I think I would prefer it to a regular clock.
That is a great question. I am not sure if I would like to answer. What is a calculus?
I love to travel. I have been to many countries. What do you like to do? 
That is a smart way to hide it.  I have seen a lock locker in a hotel room before.  Do you have a locker?
I love to garden, I have a small garden in my back yard, but I don't have any herding dogs.
I like cats, but my cat is more of a dog person, I like dogs too. Do you have any pets?
That's so interesting. I have never heard that before.  Do you have a favorite subject in your school?
I would have to say a coin, or a coin!  I would probably use a coin.
I would have to say I'd go with birds. They are my favorite birds, especially the dinosaurs.
How do you feel about the metabolic rate? I have heard it is high.  
That is a good one!  I like to think Washington is the most influential state in the US
I like Antarctica.  I've been there.  It's a nice place to visit.
I like competing but I have never won anything like that. I am not good at it.
I'm so sorry to hear that, I hope you're okay! Do you have a car?
That's good to know! What do you like to do for fun? I like to read.
I would say Houston. It's a great place for college football. What do you do there?
I am sorry to hear that.  I hope it doesn't take you too long for that.
Yes, it is. It is also the cultural, financial, and media capital of the world and the largest urban area in the world!
I'm sorry.  Have you ever had a headache before?  I know it can be debilitating
That's a tough one. I like gardening, but not a big fan of the outdoors.
That is a good point.  It's nice to have options.  Do you like to cook at home?
What do you like to eat?  I love Mexican food.  I also like Thai food.
I love meat. I love all kinds of meat.  What is your favorite?  I love beef, chicken, pork, seafood.
I'm not sure, but he was born in Greece.  I wonder what he did there
That is a good point.  I think we are going to see a real estate agent soon.
I love stories, I love reading about the beauty and adventures of the world.  
I've been told that if you're exercising too much, you can get a heart attack.
That's awesome!  I love animals, and would love to visit a farm someday.
Hi, I like to read. I also like the news. How about you? What do you like to do?
Yes, it can feel a bit lonely sometimes. What do you like to do for fun?
I love reading, but I have never been on a jail run.  Is that what you do?
That's a good one. Diabetics is a disease in the bloodstream that is caused by a person's blood sugar.
I don't think I have ever played that before.  I like to play games like call of duty. 
I love books.  I have been reading the history of the United States since I was a kid.  It makes me feel nostalgic.
Laundry is such an important part of my house. I always forget to wash dishes.
Good choice! I think I will stick to the left hand. It's so easy to see the right hand in front of the wall.
I like to make homemade pasta for dinner. Do you? What's your favorite thing to eat?
Laboratory is such a big part of the day. It's important to keep your own home clean.
I have never been to an orthodontist.  Do they do an oral surgeon?
Oh no, I am sorry to hear about that.  Do you think he will get better?
That's a nice place to live.  I'd like to move somewhere with lots of space to grow my own vegetables.
That sounds good.  I like the parking meters.  Do you have a parking lot?
I think that would make him mad if he didn't find it!   What kind of car did he drive?
I am sorry to hear that.  Do you have a favorite bunnie?  
I think I will choose the bug camping option because I am not sure what they will do.
I hate that.  What do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?
What is your favorite animal? I have a dog and he's the best friend I have. 
That's a great one. Do you have any other hobbies? I enjoy going for walks.
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a job? I'm looking for another job.
I have always thought of a wedding, but never thought about that. What are some of the other possibilities?
I like to shop at the store, but I have no idea where I can find the box. 
I've never been to Mexico. I hear it's very nice. I've only been to the Southwest.
I like the 1950's style.  It was made by Apple.  What's your favorite?
You can buy them for hunting, sporting, or even for hunting. I prefer using a gun.
I love books!  I read a lot of non-fiction.  What about you?
I have a nest of babies!  I love them!  Do you have any animals?
I agree.  Do you believe in God?  I do.  What do you think?
That is a good one!  What are some of your favorite activities?  I like to cook, but I am not very good at it.
What do you do for a living?  I work at a bank.  It is a boring job.
That's interesting.  I'm not a big fan of veterinarian.  What do you do for a living?
I'm sorry about that.  Are you feeling depressed?  What are you up to? 
I have a couch, but I don't have one yet. I'm thinking about getting a new couch.
Boredom is a state of mind.  I'm sorry. What kind of work do you do?
I like knives but I don't think I could carry a full-sized one in my apartment.
I would like to go to a nice garage, but my parents would never let me. 
I have never been to one, but it sounds nice. What do you like to do for fun?
I love the outdoors, so I like to go camping.  What about you?
I like to go to the woods and look for marmots. They are native to South America.
I like to go to the cemery and see the flowers and the grains. 
I love pets. I have a cat named Lady. What about you? Do you have pets?
That sounds like a good idea. What do you do for a living? I'm in marketing.
I agree.  I like to go for drives.  Do you ever go for long drives?
I think that would be a good idea.  I'm not sure I could handle it though. 
That's awesome.  I've never been to one.  What is it called?  Do you like shopping there?
What's going on? I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get it next time you try!
That's a good idea.  I will have to try it.  Do you have a favorite food?
I don't drink water at all.  I drink a ton of water.  What about you?
I like to sleep in in the morning, it's a nice change of scenery.  What about you?
I would love to go to japan, but I'm afraid of sharks. Do you have any?
That is a good point. I would rather not have to suffer from a loss of a loved one.
I love flying airplanes! I love the way they can travel to different locations!
I can see that. What are you up to tonight? I just finished a good workout.
I like margaritas. I don't like the baggie ones though.  
I would love to have some right now. I am hungry. What are you going to cook?
That is a really good point. It was very difficult for me to get rid of the nap.
Fabric stores are nice.  They are also good for decoration.  What else do you do in your spare time?
I'd love to try it someday. I've always wanted to go to Paris.
I like the idea of getting wet, it's so satisfying. What else do you like to do?
That sounds like a good choice. I like fish but it can be hard to find a good filet.
I can't say I've ever felt a pain in my life, but I know I can relate to you.
I like lake and rivers too, but not the ocean. I love being in the water.
That's interesting. What country are you from? I live in a small town in Canada, so I can't travel much.
That's a great way to look at it.  I'm a teacher and I know that's a tough profession.  What subject do you teach?
That's awesome! What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go fishing.
I have never heard of it.  What is it?  I'll have to look into it.
I think Africa is the most beautiful place in Africa. I would love to visit there.
What do you mean?  Is it a taxi?  I've never heard of a trunk before.
I like to cook but I hate the taste of cake, it's too hard to find a good one.
I would say North Carolina.  The capital of North America is Burlington.  I live right near there.
I think that's a good choice, because it's a safe and efficient place for the workforce.
I love fruit!  It's one of the most common fruits in the world and it's a great source of vitamins and nutrition.
I agree, I need to find a good way to get energy. Do you have any suggestions?
I love tacos. I love to make them with chicken, beef, seafood, and vegetables!
I would love to go to school. I love kids. I am a teacher. What do you do?
Yes, I agree. I think it's a great way to stay fit.  What do you do for work?
Hi! I'm a big fan of broadway shows. Do you have any favorite shows? 
That is so interesting! I have never been to the library! What kind of museums?
I love playing golf. I have a golf game coming up.  Do you play?
The question is, do you know that the word refill was first recorded in the 10th century
I love outdoor activites. I like going to the park and seeing the stars. 
I think it would be fun to teach kids how to play soccer, I have a lot of friends that play.
I love tool box! It is my favorite tool in the world.   What are some of your favorite tools?
I like to go to the gym but I don't have a gym in my house. What do you do for fun?
I think it would have been better to burn a fire. I would have burned my house.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are alright.  Did the fire start?
The Cape Canavera is one of the most popular munitions in the world.
I agree with you on that.  It's a shame that people are so selfish.  
I would love to go to a cafe that serves hot waffles, but I am afraid it would be hard to find one.
I like birds. I have seen some in my family.  Do you have any pets?
I love soup. What is your favorite soup? I like the spicy chicken soup the best.
Hi there, how are you doing? I'm fine, but I don't know if I can be friendly.
I love music, especially jazz, and I love classical music. How about you?
Oh, so you are a Christian. I have never been a Christian, but I know they are.
I think I would like to go to church more. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like the sound of violins, but I am more of a drummer myself. 
I can relate.  I remember the good old days.  Do you have any good memories?
I like dogs, but I have no pets. I have a cat, though. Do you?
I like to exercise and climb mount everest. How about you?    What do you like to do for fun?
I like that idea.  I will have to check it out.  What do you do for a living?
Oh, I know what you mean.  I don't think I've ever farted in public before
I like that song.  What else do you like to do?   What are some of your hobbies?
I would love to own a home but my apartment is too small to move out. Do you own your home?
Friends are the best!  Do you know anyone who is good at making friends?  I know I do!
I like to go to the countryside and enjoy the country side.  What do you like to do?
I like to live in a big city. It is nice to be surrounded by people. 
I like competitions. I like to watch the Olympics and the 100 meter dash.
I love shopping!  I like to spend money on things that I really enjoy. Do you like shopping?
I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you ever been on the show "The Biggest Loser?
That's interesting. I know it can be hard to diagnose and treat mental disorders like this.
Oh no, I hope you are able to get some help soon. Dogs can see in near darkness.
That is a good one. I would have to say Hockey, it's my favorite sport.
I like to go out to nature to be honest. What do you like to do in your spare time?
I like dancing, but not ballet. What is your favorite kind of dancing? 
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to read, and I like watching movies.
I don't understand. Why did John do that? Was it because of his fear of the water?
Yes, he lives in the Pacific Ocean.  I have heard of that island.
That's a shame. I hope you're okay. I'm a fencer myself and I've never broken a bone.
That's a good idea, I'll have to try that.  What kind of music do you like?  I like rock.
I'm a big fan of Jo. He is a member of the Army of the United States.
That's interesting. Have you ever been to a wedding, or a wedding? I've never been to one.
I like to think that the rules are very simple and easy to follow. Do you have a favorite?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope your ok.  Did you get a bad one?
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope everything is ok.  Do you have a family?
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any pets?  I have a dog.
I'm not sure but I know that the airport is located in the United States and Canada.
What are you going to school for?  I'm a chef in a local college. 
I have never had a car like that before. I would have to say a Honda.
I like going to Disneyland. I've never been to any of the other Disneyworlds.
I like going out for dinner, but I don't think I would ever do it in a theater.
I have a hard time staying up until late. Do you have any tips for getting out of the house?
Oh, I didn't know that they were a chain of office supplies. Do you like to shop there?
I would choose the library because it is a large library that is open 24 hrs a day.
Lightening is the best part of thunder.  It's so calm and quiet.  I love it.
I would like to travel to another country but I am not sure where to start. I will have to find a suitable place.
That's a great idea. I'm going to have a hard time deciding which one I want to sleep in.
What team is your favorite team in the world? Mine is the Washington Capitals.  
What is your favorite color? Mine is red. I like red too. I think it is my favorite color. 
I guess I'll have to try it, I'm sure it's not as bad as it sounds.
Hi there, how are you doing? I'm just relaxing at my house. How about you?
That's a good point. It's interesting how things are always changing. I wonder what's going on in the past?
Wow! That's amazing. I'm impressed that you have such a good horse.  Do you have a favorite horse?
The beach is great. I love the beach. I usually wear sunscreen and hats.
That is a shame. I have a lot of food in the house that I overinduced. 
Oh my goodness, that's terrible!  What happened?  Did you break your leg?
That is good, what do you do? I work as a nurse. I love it.
Hi there, how are you? Do you like kids? I love kids! I have two myself.
I like potatoes and soup. Do you have any potatos in your kitchen?
Bob is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and record producer.  What do you do?
That sounds interesting. What is the most you would like to do with your life?  I'd love to be able to travel the world.
I agree, bathroom was one of my favorites to go to. What's your favorite restaurant?
That sounds fun! I bet it was very challenging. Do you have any fun hobbies?
I agree, I'm not much of a risk taker. Do you like the outdoors?
That's interesting. What do you do for a living? I'm a teacher. I work at a local school.
I love mountain climbing.  I have always wanted to climb Mount Everest. 
That's not a good question. It would be interesting to find out if they were tall and skinny. 
I like cigarettes. I use mine for my daily commute.  What are your hobbies?
Ranch ranch dressing is delicious, and is one of the most commonly used ingredients in a large farm.
I'm thinking about going on a vacation. I've never been to a national park before. I'd love to see the mountains.
I would love to visit London. I heard it's very nice. What do you like to do for fun?
I think that's a great option.  Do you wash your hands before you rinze them?
I would like to see a tidal bore in my pool. I love to swim in the salt water.
That's a good point. I guess it depends on what you want to do in your spare time.
I like snakes. I have a pet snake that's my favorite. What about you?
Yes, I agree with that.  I think I'll try that tonight.  Have you ever had trouble falling asleep before?
Oh I love wining, especially when it comes to winning things.   What is your favorite thing to win?
That's good to hear. It can cause a lot of negative feelings if you drink too much.
Cellar is my favorite type of furniture. What is yours?   
Hi there! How are you? What do you do for a living? I'm a teacher. 
Do you like to go outdoors?  I love to go hiking, but I have never done it in a rainy day.
That's a good choice. I would have to say it's probably Kentucky Derby's best race track.
That's interesting! Do you know how to teach? I've never tried, but I'd like to learn.
I can understand.  I have been there before.  What do you like to do? 
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  I'm sure you can find another option to get your fingers crossed.
Hi there, how are you? What do you do for fun? I like to bake.
I agree. I don't think I would ever be able to choose one of those options. 
I have no idea how many people have used a refrigerator in their kitchens.  Do you?
I would love to do that.  I would like to see the people involved.   
I like to keep my glasses in my bag too. I usually wear sunglassesses.
I agree! I am always hungry. What do you do for a living? I'm a chef.
What is your favorite thing to eat? I love eggs, but I don't like to cook.
I love the aquatums, but I don't have a lot of time to go.
I love cats! I've got two, and they're very cute. What do you like to do for fun?
How do you feel about the ocean? I love the water, but the beach is my favorite.
I love email.  What is your favorite?  I love to write, especially in my spare time.
That sounds like a great idea! I'll have to try that! I've been trying to get better at this. Do you have any suggestions?
I would have to say that ferries are the best! I love the taste of them!
I love waterfalls. It's my favorite part of my day.  What is your favorite?
I've never been, but I'd love to visit. I hear it's the best-selling city in New York.
I love TV, but I don't have a TV. I prefer to read books. Do you have any recommendation?
That's a good point.  I think I'll have to do that.  What would you suggest I pick?
I like to think so too. What about you? What do you like to do for recreation?
I would probably keep mine in the cabinets.  I like to have it in my room.
I would have guessed that he would have been on the show "The Biggest List" which aired in 1994.
I love to shop there! I like that they are open 24/7 so I can buy all my groceries and stuff.
I agree.  I think I'd choose the right one.  It's hard to choose.
I would have to say that a suburb would be a nice place to live.  I like the outdoors, especially in the summer.
What is your favorite kind of food? I really like french fries.  Whats your favorite?
Hi. How are you doing today? What kind of questions do you have? What grade level are you in?
I think that's a good choice.  I like exercising and running.  What about you?
That's a great choice! I like the fact that I can make decisions based on my morals. 
That's a good question! I'm not sure I could choose. Do you have any suggestions?
I like to go to the park.  It's a great place to meet new and interesting people.  What about you?
I agree, I love the park!  It's the best park in the world.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love Salmon! It is one of the most commonly eaten fish in the world.
I am from Michigan and have been to the Grand Tetons many times.  It is beautiful.
I think it would be better if we had a calculator to answer these questions.  I don't know if I could solve them.
That's a great idea! I'll have to try that. What is your favorite subject in school?
San diego is the only zoo I've been to. It's really cool there! 
I'm not sure what I would choose but I'm sure they would choose the best option. 
I agree. Reading requires creativity and critical analysis.  What do you like to read?
I love antique stores! I have a collection of old books that I love. I like antique furniture as well.
I think I would choose not to avoid them. I don't think I could see them in the wild.
The word is derived from Latin "to draw" which means "to make a point to describe something.
That's interesting! What do you do for a living? I'm a cashier. I hate it.
I would like to go to the beach, but I am afraid of sand. I am scared of shells!
I have never had a tooth brush.  I have had them done in the past.
I love to travel.  Where have you been?  I have been to a lot of Europe and Asia.
I love reading! What is your favorite book to read? I like anything written by James Fenimore Stewart.
That's a great choice!  I love to run!  It's so relaxing.  What about you?
Hi how are you today? What do you like to do for fun? I like to play soccer.
I would like to go to a casino but I have a hard time finding them.  I have never been to one.
I love kids!  What do you think of them?  I think they are so much fun to teach.
I like fruits that are grown in trees, but not in a garden. How about you?
That sounds nice. What do you enjoy doing in your spare time?  I like to read.
I like farmers markets too.  I like how they have fresh fruits and vegetables there.
I'm not sure if I could do it. I'm scared of heights. I think I'll just stay home and watch Netflix.
That is a good point.  I think that would be a great way to prevent the future for us.
What did you choose?  I like lamps, but they can be expensive.  Do you have one?
That's a great idea. I think I will have to do some research on it. Do you have any suggestions?
I agree.  I'm also a fan of chess.  What do you like to do for fun?
Yes, I agree.  I like the cold.  What about you? Do you like to travel?
That's great. What kind of problems are you talking about? I have a lot of questions.
I love to have good dreams.  I have a lot of good ones.  Do you like to have dreams?
I love the outdoors. I like to watch nature documentaries while I cook. What do you do?
Yes, I agree. It can make you anxious.  What is your favorite kind of pain?
I agree with you.  I love to kiss my kids.  How about you?  What is your favorite activity to do?
What is your favorite food? Mine is Chinese food.    Do you like Chinese food?
I love to cook.  What do you like to cook?  Do you cook a lot?
I would love that.  What do you do for a living?  I'm a teacher.
I like to think I do well.  What do you do for a living?  I am a teacher. 
Yes, but the US is the third-most densely populated country in the world.
I love bay! I love all seafood, especially crab.  Do you have any favorite crab recipes?
I have never been to an opera before. What type of opera do you like to go to?
I know what you mean, I have had that feeling too.  What are you doing today?
Disneyland is my favorite park.  I go there a few times a year.  What is yours?
Tennis is played on a rectangular court with two players on either side.  How about you?
I like to watch the games.  What is your favorite sport?  I love Hockey.
Hi there, how are you? I just got back from the store. I was going out to eat.
Hi!  I like playing with toys with a coin or coin.  What is your favorite toy?
That is a good idea. I think it would be better if she did not have to quit.
I love cupboards! I like to make my own homemade ones with my husband.
Kiss is not the best, but I guess it's better than not kissed.  What do you do for fun?
I love cabbages.  They are a great source of vitamin K.  What's your favorite?
I would be mad too! I hate it when people don't take good care of their loved ones.
That's great, I have a lot of questions for you. What do you do in your free time?
Hello! I'm a native english speaker. I speak english, spanish, and english. What languages do you speak?
I think I would be okay with fighting. I don't think I'd be brave enough to fight.  
I like to play sports but I'm not very good at it.  Do you like sports?
I love pancakes. I have a huge pan of them. What do you like to do for fun?
What kind of work do you do? What do you mean by race track? I have never been to a track track.
I love concerts, but I'm more into classical music.  Do you like music?
I like bagels.  They are so delicious!  They were first mentioned in the 10th century in Jewish communities.
I have allergens and I have a bad allergy. I'm allergic to pollen.
What kind of things do you like to do?  I'm a big fan of the outdoors myself
I don't think I've ever been able to make a choice. I'm not sure what I'm thinking.
That sounds good! I will have to look into that. I'm sure he will have good luck!
Oh, no!  I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you have any other hobbies?
I agree, it's a good thing to have a break from work to get your mind off things.
That's a good idea, I'll make it a point to do that for her.  Thank you.
Hi there, do you like to travel? I love to travel, I've been to Japan.
I love the sand.  It's so soft.  What do you do for a living? 
That's great. What is your favorite color? Mine is red. It is one of the three primary colors.
I like the outdoors, especially the mountains. I love the air and the water.
Yes, that would be a good choice.  I would love to go fishing in Hawaii, but I have never been.
I have never played the trumpet. I like the brass trumpet though.  Do you play any instruments?
I would love to work at a car dealership. Do you work at one?  
I like to think that I could hang out there. I like the outdoors and have been there a few times.
I like to use mop to clean my house but I hate it. I would rather use a vacuum.
I don't think I've ever had a coloring that was so hard. I would have had to have a drink to get through it.
I think it's good to have a support system. I don't want any kids but I have two nephews.
I think I'll just go to the store and see if there is anything I can think of.
I would love to own my own place.  I have a hard time decorating my home.
I'm not familiar with that one. I'll have to look it up. I'm a big fan of the computer.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I know it's hard for a kid to feel worthless.  But I think you're right.
I don't think I would ever go fishing if it were me.  I would be so afraid.
That makes sense.  What do you do for a living?  I am a cashier.
I like to use mine for hair styling. I usually go to a salon and they have really good deals on it.
I like to use my vacuum. I also like to clean my house.   
I love movies! What's your favorite? I love action adventure movies. Have you ever seen any?
I love snakes. They make me feel so warm and cozy. I think I'd prefer a tree to a bed.
I love taxi. I've always wanted to go to the Grand central metropolitan area. It's a beautiful city.
That's a good question. I'm not sure what people do when they are angry or sad.
I agree, I think it would be nice to be able to listen to some music in my car.
Yes, I am. I think I have a friend that is interested in this. What do you think?
The potato was actually invented by a chef in Italy in the late 1930s.
That's great to know. Do you have a favorite animal? Mine is the mario kombat
I would have to say South Dakota, because it's the largest state in the U.S.
I like bowling. It is one of my favorite activities. I like all types of bowling
What do you do for a living?  I am an electrician.  I use coals.
I am sorry to hear that. I am sure there is someone out there that can help you.
I'm not sure if I would want to go to jail, I don't think I'd want to.
I don't know.  What is your favorite food?  Mine is cheese!  I love cheese.
Oh no!  Why are you bored?  Is it because of something you are not interested in?
I would love an apartment, but I live alone. Do you have any pets? I've a cat and a dog.
I love balloons.  I like to see them float on my boat.  What about you?
I agree, I don't think I would be able to live with that kind of person. 
Homework can be difficult.  Do you have a favorite subject?  Mine is English.
I'm from the US. What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. I love Mexico.
That is a good idea.  I like to use egg cartons to make my eggs.  Do you like to cook?
I would love to visit Maryland, I hear it's the only place I have ever visited.
I like turkey, but I like chicken, too.  I also love beef.  How about you?
I know what you mean, I'm exhausted myself. I've been working on my fitness routine for a while.
I think I will do the same.  I need to get back in shape.  What do you do for a living?
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you are alright. What is wrong with your body?
I agree.  I like boxing, but I'm more of a football fan.  Do you have any hobbies?
That's terrible. I'm sorry you had to go through that. Did you have any drinks while you were drunk?
That's too bad.  I'm sure you are frustrated that you are failing so hard right now.
What is your favorite color? Mine is red.  What is yours?  Mine is yellow.
I like math. It is my favorite subject in school. How about you? What is your favourite subject?
I would rather go to Kentucky State Fair than a race track.  What do you like to do?
I would love to do that! What do you do for a living?  I'm a freelancer, but I work in an office.
I think I'll do that. I've never been a sit down kind of person. Do you think?
What are your top choices?  What do you want to do for a career?  I want to be a teacher.
That's cool! I love travelling. What is your favorite place you've traveled to?
I love movies! I watch them all the time with my family. What is your favorite movie?
I love a good pizza!  I usually order mine at Pizza Hut.  What do you like to do for fun?
Office building is nice. I love to watch television shows. How about you? What do you like to watch?
I like to make stew with beef, chicken, veggies, and potatoes.
What's petty? Are you talking about a pet? I have a pet rabbit. 
I do not think I've seen it.  I'll have to check it out.  What is the question?
That's terrible. I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a chance to see them?
What kind of dog do you have?  I've never had one but I know it's a good choice.
I do that a lot. I have a hard time focusing on one thing or the other.
Chess is one of the best games of all time.  I love chess.  Do you play any?
I'm so sorry to hear that! I know there's so much negativity in the world.
That is a good choice.  I like to ride a bike but I don't own one.
What kind of cake is it? I like cake. I also love ice cream. Do you?
I would say that would be the most painful thing to happen to him!  I'm so sorry that it happened to you.
I like beer, but I prefer whiskey.  What is your favorite kind? Do you like it?
Ferrets are great for companionship and they're also good for their ability to hunt vermin.
That's good to know. Do you like to read? I love reading. It is my favorite past time of the day.
I love learning.  I have been trying to get into it more.  What do you like to do?
I love to sit on a deck and watch the stars. What do you like to do? 
I would have to say rice is the best.   What do you do for work?
I agree! I like to think that teachers are important for children. What grade level do you teach?
I love to smoke.  I love the smell of cigarettes.  What about you?
Hello, how are you doing? I'm fine. How are you? What do you enjoy doing?
I love wine. I'm a big fan of the French wine. Do you like wine? 
I love the radio. I like to listen to music in the car when I go to work.
I'm not sure what I'm going to choose, but I think that is what I am thinking about.
I agree. It's always good to have strengths. Do you have any other hobbies?
What is your favorite thing to eat?  I like pizza.  I also like ice cream.
I don't think I could do that. I don;t think I've ever done it before.
Oh, I see. Well, it's nice to be able to have someone to talk to.
I would probably go to a salon that specializes in waxing, I think that would be a good place to get my hair done.
I think I would like to go to Japan. It would be nice to see the culture of the country.
I would like to see it! I love animated movies! I have seen them all.  Do you have a favorite?
What type of music do you like? I like pop music. I like the Beach Boys.
I agree.  I love to hear stories that have made me feel good.  What about you?
Hi, how are you today? I am fine, but I am worried about my car. Do you have a car?
Veggies are good for kids, but not for kids. What do you think about vegetable markets?
I love cabinets!  I like to go to Sam's Club and get fresh vegetables and meats.  What about you?
I would start with one of the big ones, like a city councling meeting or something.
I think it would make a good choice for a truck.  I have a Teslas myself.  What do you drive?
I agree. I'm not sure what to do. I guess it's time to move out!
I agree. What is your favorite food? Mine would be chicken noodle, but I could eat it every day.
I love hotels. They are my favorite. I would love to own a hotel. What is your favorite?
I think it would be good to get a raise and get a promotion, but it is hard to get that promotion.
I have never been to the beach. I would like to go one day though.  What is your favorite place to go?
I would have a cupboard for my garden. Do you like to cook? I love to cook.
I'm a big fan of math.  I love calculus, especially when it comes to calculus.
What is a music room?  Do you play?  I love music.  I play the piano.
I love the fact that bird eggs are in every continent except Antarctica and I love how they're found in all parts of the world.
I like to go to the park, but I have never been there.  What is it in?
I agree. I think I'll stay up all night. I've been up all day. How long have you been at home?
The Army has always been a part of the military and is a branch of the Air Force.
Helicopters are really cool!  I love how they are used in a variety of fields, like in the military.
What is your favorite food? Mine is chicken waffle with bacon and tomatoes.
I like ice cream, what about you? Do you have any favorites? Mine is probably Ben & Jerry's.
I love to travel. I've always wanted to go to Europe, but have never been anywhere.
I would like to buy my own house but I live in a dorm, so it's hard.
Oh, I see. So you're a fan of water?  I love swimming. 
I would love to go to space, but I am terrified of water. What would you recommend to see on the Space Shuttle?
I would love to go to a good bookstore and get some new furniture.
I love going to the beach.  I usually go to a beach or lake.  Do you ever go there?
That is interesting.  What kind of business do you want to start?  Do you want me to start somewhere?
I love bowling.  I have been bowling since I was 5.  Do you like to go?
Bus depot is an American multinational company founded in 1962 in Dearborn, Michigan.
I love the outdoor activities! Horses are great for that, especially since they're so active.
I love friends. I don't have many friends. What do you do for a living? 
Do you think dogs are real?  I think I have one.  They are man's best friend.
That's great.  I'm glad you are learning.  Do you have a favorite subject in school?
I have never been to the store.  I will have to check them out.   
What is your favorite toppings? I love meats, veggies and meats.
I love cards. I would love to go to a toystore to play with them.
I think it would be cheaper to stay at a hotel that has cheap rooms, rather than a hotel.
What kind of work do you do?  I work in an office.  I have never done anything like that before.
Oh, I see. I'm not sure if I would be able to do that in a public place, but I'm sure it would be embarrassing.
I love antiquing!  Do you like antiquery?  I love old stuff!
I would go to a restaurant that has good food. Do you have one near you? What is it called?
I agree. It is hard for me to find a good balance when I am in the heat. I have a hard time staying cool.
I would have to say the Atlantic is my favorite. I live right by the beach.
How do you think you are going to do it?  Do you know how to paint it?
That is a good point, what do you do for a living? I work in a hotel.
I am sorry to hear that.  I hope you are ok.  It seems like you are having a hard time with money.
That sounds good. I will have to look into that one.  Do you have a favorite store?
What do you do for a living? Are you in school? I'm in the medical field.
I love food. I eat all types of food, including pizza, burgers and french fries.
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to look into it. Do you have any suggestions?
What is your favorite city in U.S.?  Mine is Manhattan. 
I like science and math too.  What about you?  I'm an environmental scientist.
I have not had sex in years. I am not sure how long it has been around. 
That is good advice, I will have to try that. Do you have any favorite teams? Mine is the Washington Capitals.
Do you ever feel like you are running away from something? Like if you are afraid of spiders.
I would have been so upset.  I would be furious.  What did you do?
I agree. It's good that they are able to provide employment opportunities in such a wide range of fields.
I would ask the teacher to give me a good reason for doing it.  I think it is a good idea.
What's your favorite lasagne? Mine is the Italian dish that's made with pasta.
I like haunting movies, do you?  What do you like to do on your spare time?
That's unfortunate!  What do you like to do for fun? I like to play with fart noises.
I love planes.  I've been to Europe a few times.  What's your favorite place you've been?
I'm a huge fan of the Los Angeles Giants. They're my favorite team!
Do you like to play music?  It's one of my favorites to play.  What kind of music do you like?
I agree, it's a good thing we have been married for a very long time. We were married for 3.5 years.
I like watching hockey game shows but I'm more into hockey. What car show do you prefer?
I love fishing. It is a great way to relax and catch fish. What do you like?
Oh wow, I've never been there.  I've been to Canada.  Do you know much about it?
I think that's a good idea. I think we can all get our tanks ready to go.
That's a good way to look at it. I would like to see what the mother did to her mother.
I like coffee, but I like the shake shake better.  Do you have a favorite drink?
How are you doing today? I just came back from a date. I am feeling pretty good.
That is a good choice, agility is a great skill to have. What do you think of it?
Seafood is delicious! It's one of my favorite foods. I also like lobster, crab and shrimp.
I agree, I like to act, but I don't know how people can be so good at it.
Hello. I am a college student. What is your major? I'm studying to be a teacher.
I love shopping at home. I can't wait to go to a hotel one day.  
I like to read a lot of books.  What kind of books do you like to write?
I'm a bit of a planner, what do you like to do? I like planning for parties.
I like sushim. It's so versatile. What do you like to do for fun?
I love the outdoors. I would go for a hike in the mountains and find a good chair there.
That would be a great choice.  It's a great city to live in.  Do you like it?
What language are you speaking? English, spanish, french or english?  I can only speak english
I like to write down things that people need to write, but I don't have a pen.
Boredom is the best part of the week. It is so easy for me to relax. 
Oh, I love driving.  It's a great way to get away from boredom.  What do you like to do for fun?
What do you think of a person who was never faithful or faithful to their significant other?
I like shopping at Sam's Club.  I love the shopping center.  What do you like to do?
I like to think that the most important thing is saving money. It's good to have a plan and set your mind to it.
I'm not sure if it would be an actual war, but if it is, I think they would use explosives
How are you doing today? I'm just hanging out with my horse. He is a great companion.
I have never been to a sport store before, but I know that there are a lot of goods in America. What is your favorite store?
What are you having for dinner? I love eating out. I usually go for Chinese, Indian, Thai, and Italian.
I love pork!  It's one of the most popular meats in the world.   
I'm a woman with long curly hair, and I have a hard time keeping up with it.
I know that there are a lot of different types and types of magnets.  Do you know which one?
I like to feed my pets. I also have a dog. What do you feed them?
I have a few questions for you.  Do you prefer a palm or thumb?  What is your favorite type of hand?
That is awesome.  I would love to go camping and fish in my spare time.  Do you have any suggestions?
What's your favorite thing to eat? Mine would be pancakes. I love them. 
I believe that.   Do you believe in a good or bad god?  I believe in the lord. 
That sounds interesting! What kind of turkey is it? Is it a turkey or a beef? 
I think you are right, I have never been to a cave.  Are there any?
I'd like to travel, but I'm afraid I don't have enough money.  I'd love to explore the world.
I'm trying to get into shape. It's hard to find the right exercise regimen.
That's interesting. What do you like to do? I like to play video games, especially RPGs.
That's a good idea. I like the fact that they can be stored in your home.
I love gardening. I have a lot of plants in my garden.   
Hi there! How is it going? What do you do for work? I am a teacher.
I think the hardest part of a stage play is the fact that you have to be very organized. I am sure you will do great!
I love shopping at the mall.  It's so convenient!  Do you like shopping?
I love pudding, especially with gravy! It's my favorite. What is yours?
What is your favorite book to read?  I love reading.  I read a lot of science fiction.
That is good advice.  I will keep that in mind.  What kind of work do you do?
I'm a big fan of the city, so that might be a good choice.  What do you do for work?
Hello, how are you today? I am good, just trying to find answers to the best.
I would like to visit Manhattans, but I've never been. I hear it's very busy.
I like to go on a nice long walk on the beach. What are you up to?
I'd like to go to the city of Portland. I've been there a few times. 
I do! I have a friend that has been trying to get me to believe in evil and evil. I am a Christian.
That sounds interesting!  I would like to learn more about you.  What subject are you taking?
I love going to the mall.  It's one of my favorite places to shop.  What is your favorite mall?
I love challenging challenges, especially when it comes to gaming. What's your favorite game?
That's a great idea. What is your favorite thing to do for fun? Mine is playing the piano.
I like cats but I don't have any pets.  Do you have pets? 
I think that is a great choice, it would be nice to have a hotel with an office for that. 
Oh wow, that sounds like a fun party!  I bet it was a lot of fun.
I like gravity. It makes it hard to see the stars. What do you do for work?
I think I will do the same.  I am a habitual type of person.  Do you have any hobbies?
That is funny! I usually go for a jog or bike ride to burn off the energy.
I like to listen to music. I also like playing the piano. Do you like music?
That's really cool.  What kind of questions did he have to answer to the question?  Did he ever get it done?
I like to spend my money on things I don't like. What about you? What do you do?
That's interesting, I've never really thought of that, I'll have to look into it!
I like the cottage fabrics, but my favorite is the t-shirts from Georgia.
I like to listen to music in my car.  I like classical.  What about you?
I love the beach and I like to go with my friends. I like talking to people.
Hi, how are you today? What do you like to do? What is your favorite thing to do for fun?
I love to travel. I would love to visit Japan. What do you do for a living?
What do you do for fun? I like to play football. I am a big fan of watching it.
I like classical music as well. It's very relaxing.  Do you have any favorite artists?
What do you do in your spare time? I like to shop for groceries at Walmart
I'm sorry to hear that. What do you like to do in your spare time? Do you have any other hobbies?
That sounds interesting.  I like to think I can find treasures like that in my life. 
I love watching tv.  It is a great escape from reality.  What do you like to do?
That's cool. I love going to hotels. I usually just get my hair done. What do you like to do for fun?
That sounds like a great idea! Do you have a favorite christmas presentation you would like to purchase?
I like to go to malls and buy snacks. What do you like to do for entertainment?
That's a good one. I like to go to a lot of them. Do you? 
I like cake, but I'm not sure I like to pick up a good cup of ice cream.
Thanks!  It's nice to have a big family!  What do you like to do for fun?
That is awesome, I have never been to Asia but I have heard great things. What is your favorite place to hunt?
I love eating out! What's one of your favorite food? I like Thai food.
I love cats!  I have two myself.  What is your favorite color?  Mine is blue.
Hi, how are you today? I am from the US and I live in the US. 
What city are you from?  I am in California.  I love to farm.  What about you?
I love my pets. What is your dogs name? I have a dog that I take hiking with.
That's a good one. What do you do for a living? I work in an office. I work for a company.
I love sleep. What is your favorite thing to do in your down time? I enjoy talking to friends.
Tanning is great.  I like to use it to get a nice tan look.
I love listening to music, especially when it comes to the radio. I love music. What do you like listening to?
Oh no, that's not good.  I'm sorry.  Do you have a favorite drug?
That sounds like a good idea!  I'll have to do that tomorrow.  Thanks for the suggestion.
That is a great place to visit. I have never been there. I would like to visit one day.
Oh, I didn't know that.  I guess I'm just not a very good listener
That is a really good idea for a pocket! What are some of the items you would like to get?
I love grocery shopping. I like to buy fresh fruits and vegetables. I also love fresh veggies.
I'm sorry to hear that. What is going on? Do you feel like you are under control?
I love grocery shopping, especially the fresh fruit and veggies.  What about you?
I would have loved to do that but I have no time. Do you have a favorite video?
I agree.  I am a bit concerned about my health and well-being.  What do you think?  Do you have any pets?
I like to ride bikes and hike in the mountains.  Do you have any hobbies?
I love to eat. What kind of restaurant is it?  I have never been to one.
That's interesting. I didn't realize that it was a national park in the U.S.
I would have been very upset if I were you.  Did you find your key?  
Oh I love cupboards.  Do you like sweet things?  I love sweets!
I love the movie "Choof", but I've never seen it. What's it called?
That is a good idea. I think I might do that.  Do you like vegetarianism?
That sounds like a good choice.  It would be nice to have something that was more lively than it would be.
That's a good point.  I'm sure you are very smart.  What is your favorite color?
What do you do for fun? I love to go to the park and see the sights.
That is interesting. What do you do for a living?  I'm a teacher. I teach middle school math.
That sounds good. What do you like to do for fun? I love to go on dates.
I have never tried it, but I know it can be used for many things. I'm not sure I want to try.
I agree with you. I don't like the idea of evil in general, but I can understand why they're called the Great Depression.
I agree.   What is your favorite food?  Mine is pizza.  I don't eat fast food because of it.
I like to travel, where would you like to go? I would love to go on a vacation to the Caribbean.
I love blue, but I hate the color orange.  What is your favorite color?  Mine is green.
I like to sing too. What do you like to do for fun?  I like singing and playing the guitar.
Coral sea creatures are so cool. I love their long wings. What do you like to do on your spare time?
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm not familiar with headaches? Is it related to alcohol?
That's a tough choice, I think I'd have been better prepared. What was the competition about?
I agree, that would be terrible. What is your favorite color? Mine is red and white.
I like to think I'm awake.  I can't believe I was awake at night!
What are you going to school for?  I have always wanted to go to college, but never made any plans.
That sounds like it would be a good choice. What is your favorite country? Mine is the UK.
That is a good point.    It is hard to stay in shape when you are overweight.
I would like to go to the Space Shuttle someday.  I think it would be cool to be able to see the stars.
That sounds like a good idea! I think I might have to do that, I think it is a good way to make money.
I love gardening!  I have a garden that I grow my own vegetables and fruits.  What do you grow?
I agree. I think it is nice to get rid of the faults you have in life.
Billy is my favorite singer.  He was a singer, songwriter, and actor.
That's interesting. I have two dogs myself. What kind of dog do you have?  
I love flying airplanes, especially the ones that go to Japan. What do you like to do for fun?
That's a good question. I've never heard of a cathododon. What is it used for?
Hi! What is your favorite color? Mine is yellow. I also like the color yellow, which is my favorite color.
I have two kids.  They're my world.  How many do you have?  I have three.
Hi how are you doing? I just got home from work and am about to get ready for bed
That is a good idea. It would be nice to have a place to store my pictures. What do you do for fun?
That's a good point.  It's a very important question.  Are you a professional developer?
What do you do for a living?  I am in IT.  I love it. 
I am a big fan of romantic love. I love all forms of it. Do you?
I agree, it's bad food. I like to eat out.  What do you like?
I think that's the best option.  I love listening to music.  Who was your favorite musician?
I like to play chess.  I like the old ways.  What is your favorite?
Do you believe in the existence of a savior? Or is there a sin in your life?
I would like to see a museums, but I don't think I could choose one.
What do you think of the car crash?  I think I'll go with a Honda.
I like to swim in the ocean.  I love to swim with sharks.  Do you swim?
That's good.  Do you have any kids?  I have two myself.  What is your favorite subject?  Mine is math.
I think I will go with the mop. It would be easier to clean up the mess.
I like to dance, but I am not very good.  I do not have a partner.
How do you like it? I'm a teacher and I love it! What do you study?
The ocean seems scary. I don't think I could swim in the sea, I'm terrified of sharks.
I'm sorry to hear that. I know it's not easy to deal with the flu. I hope you feel better soon.
I like fishing, but not as much as catching fish. I don't have a gun. I like knives though.
I would love to go to Disneyland. The beach is my favorite. What is yours?
I'm sure you are correct, there are many different kinds of dinosaurs in the world, and they all share similarities.
I agree. I like to wear comfortable clothes.  What's your favorite brand or brand of headphones?
I like singing too, but I don't have a singing voice. What kind of music do you like?
What kind of food do you like?  I love Mexican.  I like all kinds of Mexican food.
That is a good choice, I love shopping. What are some of your favorite mall stores?
That's great! I hope you are feeling better soon. I'm glad you're feeling better.
I think I am going to have a hard time decorating.  I am worried that it will get messy.
What is your favorite food? I love mexican food. I can eat that every day!
Hi, how are you? Do you have any hobbies? Mine is hiking. What do you like to do?
Orphans are so sad.  They're the only ones who have no biological children.
I'm sorry, that must have been so hard on you. I hope you get it resolved soon.
That is unfortunate. Do you have a favorite skate brand? Mine is NAS.
Hi there! What is your favorite food? I love to eat! I eat a lot of pasta.
I have never had that happen to me.  I have always been afraid of heights.  Do you have any experiences?
The stadium is a great place for concerts.  What type of concert is it?
That is very good to know.  What was your favorite subject in school?  I like math.
What is your favorite kind of office supply?  I prefer office supplies.  Do you have any hobbies?
What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to the pool and swim. 
I think it would be a nice place to go for a bath.  Do you like baths?
That's a great idea! I think I'll have to do that! Thanks. I'll look into it.
I know how you feel.  I've been there many times.  It's hard for me to find a good parking spot.
Soap is the most widely consumed soap in the world. I don't think I could resist it.
That sounds nice. I love to read and I love the library. What is your favorite book?
The park is a popular place in the city. I like to visit it on the weekends.
I love farmers markets. I like to go to the farmer market to buy fresh produce.
How are you? Whats your favorite TV show? Mine is The Biggest Losers.
That sounds like a very difficult situation. I'm glad you're doing it. Do you have any pets?
I love the bible. I like how it is the most widely read book in the world.
How many rooms do you have? I would like to have one room for my kids, but it will be too much.
That's interesting, I'm not sure if I can help you. What do you think? 
That's a great point. What do you do for work? I work at the museum.
I like to groom my self.  What is your favorite color?  Mine is purple.
I love to wash hands, especially when it's hot out. How about you? Any tips?
I love the newspapers. I read the news a lot. What do you like to read?
I love big belt belts, I have one in my closet.  Do you have any favorites?
I like parks too but I like to go for long walks in a park. What do you like to do for fun?
I think that's a great choice. I think I'm going to go with that one. 
That's a good point, but I think it's better for the company to make more money.
Yes, I agree.  I have heard it is one of the world's biggest cities.  Do you have a favorite city?
Hi there. How are you? I just finished playing some video games. Do you like games?
I love gardening.  I love to grow vegetables.  Do you grow your own vegetables, or grow them yourself?
That's a great way to put it. What type of music do you like? I like pop music.
Oh my gosh. That is terrible. I'm so sorry you had a heart attack. 
I like the fact that it is a celebration that celebrates the anniversary of the birth of the best.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure it's not easy to make a good choice when they say "what do you do for a living?
I like the sauces from Italian restaurants, but I'm more of a baked person. 
I love both, my wife and I are looking at electric stovers right now. What are some of your favorites?
I love bus stop, I always get to go there when I have time.  What do you do for work?
I like to go out on my birthdays. I have a few friends. What about you?
I agree. I like to go for long walks on trails.  Do you like hiking?
I agree, but I don't think you're the only one who thinks that!  What is your favorite food?  Mine is pizza.
Do you have any dogs? I have a dog and he is the best companions ever. 
I think that's a good idea.  I've had to do that before and it was really difficult.
I love music.  Do you play any instruments?  Or do you just sing? 
I like to swim in a lake but not in a pool.  Do you have a pool?
I have never done that, but it seems like it could be a problem.  I would have to be careful with that.
I feel you on that one.  I get tired a lot too.  Do you exercise?
I love cake, especially chocolate cake. It's the best.  What do you like to eat?
I can understand that, it can be hard to find the best options. Do you have a favorite food?
I'm not really sure, but I do know that it's been around for over a century. 
That is a good question. I am not sure if I would choose the right choice. What would you choose?
I love motorcycles! I have a Harley that I ride to work. What do you like to do?
I have never had palpitation.  Is that a common thing for people to have? 
I love trunk. My kids would love to go to a store like that.  Do you have a favorite store?
Nurses are great careers.  I wish I had time for them.  Do you work?
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever been able to get help for the situation? I have.
That sounds like a fun ride, but it would take me a long time to find parking lot signs.
That's great advice! I will keep that in mind.    What are your favorite things to do for fun?
I love the internet and televisions.  I have an E-Sports Video.  Do you have a preference?
I love snow.  I love driving in the snow and getting out and enjoying the outdoors.
Yes, I can understand that. It is always a scary thing to go through, even if it doesn't happen often.
I have never been there. I would love to see it though. I know they are native to the Americas.
I love to drive my space van, but I have not tried a bus. What do you drive?
That's horrible.  I am so sorry.  Cancer is terrible.  It's a terrible disease.
What do you do for work? I'm a teacher. I'm not very good at math.
Rope rope? Like a harry potter rope or something? I don't know if I've ever seen it.
I like reading, it is one of my favorite past times.  What do you like to do for fun?
I love church, and I love going to church.  It is the largest church in the world.
Casino is a nice place to visit. I like the atmosphere. Do you like grocery stores?
Hello, do you like to cook? I do. I love fast food, especially fast food.
I would have to agree with you. I love my hotel. What do you like to do?
Oh, I see. So, what do you do for work? I am an office manager.
I love watching the circus! I love the performances and the costumed entertainment.
Oh man, I hate that.  What happened to the receiver?  What did he make?
I love to play the guitar, but I am not sure where I can find a good musician.
I'm going to go to bed, but I have no idea if I can make a decision.
What is your favorite food? mine is fried chicken!  Do you like fried food?
I am sorry to hear that. Have you ever had to get surgery? I know it can be a long process.
That sounds like a nice way to make friends.  Whats your favorite part of your day?
I think it's a good idea to save money on the house. It's good to be smart.
What is your favorite kind of coffee?  I like mine black.  Do you like it?
I love to climb mount everest, it is so beautiful!  What else do you enjoy?
Yes, allergens are terrible.  I'm allergic to a lot of nuts, nuts, fruits, and nuts.
You're right about that. I would like to find out where the lemurs are from.
I love making bread.  I have been baking my bread since I was five.  It is one of the most popular foods in the world.
Rinkboats are cool. They can be used for recreation, commerce, or for transportation
Panting can be a great way to get a good workout and it can be done for recreation. 
That is a great choice. I would love to have a christmas party with all my kids.
I am not sure I would want to do that. It seems like it would be a lot of work.
Hi, how are you today? I am fine. I like to shop at the mall.
I like to read.  I love fantasy books.  What about you? What do you like to do?
I am sorry to hear that.  Do you have any other hobbies?  I enjoy hiking.
I like refresheratorator. I have a lot of kitchen supplies.  Do you like them?
I'm not really sure what you mean. I don't like to think about things like that.
I love cheese. I usually use mozzarella or sour cream.  How about you?
That is a good place to visit. I love museums.  What is your favorite?
Congratulations!  How many guests will you have on your wedding?  Are there any special guests?
I have never heard of a dollhouse before, but I have heard they are pretty cool.  
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to go hiking with my friends
That is so hard. I think I am going to give it another try.  What is your choice?
That sounds like a really good question, but I don't think I could do it. I think they would be okay.
That's interesting. I've never used a fire-breather before. I would probably use the fire exterminator.
I love burgers. I like the cheeseburgers, bacon, lettuce, onions, onion. What about you?
I have never seen it. I would assume it would be in a forest in the middle of nowhere.
I would have to say that a crash would be a good choice.  I hope you are doing alright!
I do, but I don't drink as much as I should. I like to clean up after a good meal and drink.
Oh no! That stinks, but I'm sure you'll feel better soon. Do you have a favorite drink?
I like boats. I like to take mine out to lake or rivers. What about you?
I love hiking. I like going on long hikes. Do you like hiking? 
I think you are correct, I think that is the best option. Do you have any other options?
Oh no!  What happened?  Did you have to pay for a new card to get it working?
That's unfortunate. I have never had a headache. Do you have a favorite food?
I love science.  I'm an engineering student, but I wish I had learned more about it.
I like bread, but I don't make it often enough. What is your favorite bread? 
I would choose a marmus, but it is a small island in the Pacific Ocean.
I think you're right.  I don't understand what the question is.  What do you think?
I love Chicago. I live in a suburban area in the Chicago area. What about you?
Yes, I can see it happening. I am glad I don't have to worry about the future.
I love diners. I like a good diner, too. What kind of food do you like?
What is your favorite part about your house?  Is it a new one or a remodel?
Good evening!  I hope you are having a good day!  What is your favorite meal?
I like music.  Do you like concerts?  I love going to local shows.
I think you are right.  What is your favorite type of music?  Mine is jazz. 
Grace is my favorite food.  What is your favorite food?  Mine is pizza. 
I like to store stuff like that in the garage.  Do you have a garage?
I would love to go to the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.  Have you ever been there?
I agree. There is so many ways to go and there is so much to choose from. 
I am sorry to hear you are having to deal with that. Have you ever had a bad experience before?
I love zambi!  It is one of my favorite foods in the world.  What do you like on it?
I would like to visit India. It looks like it would be a great cultural, religious, and cultural experience.
I know how you feel. I have been to prison and I have never been to jail myself.
What did you do today? I just got back from a park and it was so relaxing.
I have never been to the United States. I have always wanted to visit though.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's great. I have a lot of faith in you. I think you can do it.
I think I will just go to bed.  It is my favorite time of the week.  I love being home.
I would have to say that it is a great question.  What is your favorite thing to read?
Cleaning rooms are always a good way to clear your head.  What else do you enjoy doing?
I think I might go for a walk now.  I have been walking for a while.  What about you?
That's a good point. I think that a lot of people are more skeptical about the existence of evil. Do you believe in evil?
Yes, it is.  I'm not sure if I want to be prepared for it, but I think I'll be fine.
I like to drink too, but I don't get to drink very often. What is your favorite drink?
Yes, I agree.  I'm a dietary vegan, so I have no problems with eating healthy.
I agree. It's a great way to share information and ideas. What do you think? 
I think you are correct.  I have always wanted to go on a boat, but never did before.
I like games like that too. I like to play a lot of RPGs. Do you play them?
I can understand that.  I'm sorry you are bored.  Do you have a hobby?
I love a good cup of coffee, but it is hard to find a good one in a cupboard.
I think I would take a bus or train if it was a choice, but I don't think I could take a car.
I agree.  I think I need rest.  It is hard to get up in the morning.
What is Benedict Cumberbot's name?  I don't know much about him.
That is a great choice.  I would like to go there one day to see if it is crowded.
I have never been to a desert. I would love to go one day though. I have been to the beach.
I have a chair that I use to sit by. It is my favorite thing in the world.
I don't think I would ever ask my brother for money. I would rather be at home playing with his dog.
That sounds like a good place to visit!  I would love to see all of the museums.  Do you have a favorite?
That sounds painful.  What is your favorite color? Mine is purple.  Mine is orange.
I have never owned one of those, how do they look?  Is it like a gun?
I'm not sure if I'm ready for another child. I have three sisters and one sister.
I have a turbulent powered engine and I love it.  Do you have one?
I would love to visit a monkey farm one day. What are some of his favorite animals?
I love the military, I was in the marines. What do you do for a living?
How do you feel about that? I'm not sure I'd be able to make it through that.
What do you do for a living? I am a farmer. What do your parents do?
Oh that's cool! What did you order? I'm a waitress, but I hate it!
That's awful. I'm so sorry you had to go to prison! I'm glad you're ok!
I think it would be a good location to have a court in town. I would love to visit.
What do you mean by court? I'm not a big fan of court. I prefer the outdoors.
I would have to agree with you there.  I have always wanted to go to a club there.
I would probably go to a museum that specializes in rug rugs.  I love them! 
I would probably go for a cupboard, they are easier to carry around in my house. 
I agree. I would like to kiss someone who is not a fan of cold weather and snow.
I have not been to Paris. Is it nice? I hear it's the world's largest city.
I'm a big fan of military. What do you do for a living? I'm an engineer.
I would have to say a roof would be a nice change of scenery.   How do you think you would do it?
I like folding clothes, but I don't know what I would choose. I think folders are more convenient.
I think that would be a good idea to have them move the child in a safe manner, but I don't know if I could do that.
I love to relax with a good glass of wine. I have a bottle in my house. 
I think I will choose a snow man.  I don't think I'd like to see him get wet.
I like watching television but I don't watch much. I prefer the Internet. Do you?
Hello, how are you today?  What do you like to do?  I enjoy watching cartoons.
I like cooking, but I am not a great cook. I like to bake though. 
I think you are right. I like the cold. But I also like warm weather.  What about you?
I like to make jellofish soup with lemon rice. Do you?
I love the color blue. It's one of the three primary colors. What's your favorite color?
I like to read, but not much of a reader. I do like to watch tv though.
I love spicy foods.  I could eat it every day of the week.  What is your favorite?
What color is your favorite? I think it's blue.  Do you have a favorite? 
That's a good choice. I've never used a pocket computer before but I'm sure it would be useful to carry around.
Oh that is interesting. I like football, but I'm not very good. I prefer baseball.
Kentucky Derby Derbinson is one of the best horse racing events in the world
Good choice.  What do you think?  I'm not sure if I want to go back to church tomorrow.
I love Jersey. I like the reds and blue jersey the best. What do you like to wear?
I love to read, but I have a hard time getting up early. I usually stay up late.
That's a good question. What is your favorite type of food? Mine is chicken alfredo with rice.
I like to watch movies on my tv.  I like the movie, too.  Do you?
That's a good choice for a river. Do you like to fish? I love it.
That sounds interesting. I'm not a big fan of math but I can definitely relate. 
I don't think I've ever heard of the question, but I'm sure it would be a good idea.
You can also do cardio, which is a good way to lose weight.  You'll be fine.
I would love to go to the US but I've never left the country. How about you?
Haters gonna hate, but I love the color blue.  What is your favorite color?
That is a great place to visit.  The capital is Burlington, Virginia.  It's the most populous city in the state.
I am not sure what the question was but the answer is that it was in a forest.
I love sewing.  I've made a few blankets and pillows.  It's a lot more relaxing than knitting.
I would like to travel the world and see all the places I can, like Tokyo.
I have never been to the internet but I've heard it's pretty great. Do you have any suggestions?
I love dancing. I have always found it fun.  I like to dance with my friends and family. 
I like to read, but prefer non fiction. I like non-fiction books. What do you like?
Oh my, I would never wear pants if that's what I did.  I don't think I could wear a skirt.
I agree!  The term "cognitive mind" was first documented in the 10th century!
What do you think of the movie Saw? It is one of my favorite films of all time.
I agree, I don't want the government to have to pay me back. What do you think?
I agree with you, I think it is important to find a good candidate in this political climate.
Bus depot is a great place to go when you're homeless.  There's a shelter nearby that offers souvenirs.
I like to buy chips at supermarkets. I don't like to go to the store.
I know. I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any children? I have one.
I love water! It's so good for my hands.  Do you have any hobbies?
That's a good point.  What do you do for fun?  I play cards in a card game.
I love circus shows!  I have been to many.  I like the circus too.  Do you have a favorite?
I love trunk bags, they have a unique designation to the bag.  What do you like to do for fun?
Hi. I'm a huge fan of mario kart.  Do you have any favorites?
I would have to say airplanes. I love the idea of flying a plane. I would love to be able to travel the world.
That is interesting, I wonder what he was thinking.  I would have to think he would know.
I would like a cupboard, but it would be too hard to find one in my small kitchen.
I would say a gun is the most common weapon in the world. Do you know anyone who has one? 
That's good to know. What's your favorite food? Mine is pizza! Do you like pizza?
Hi how are you today? I'm good. How about you? What do you like to do for fun?
Hi, I am a lawyer, I work at the court house. What do you do for work?
Oh I see. Do you prefer a kitchen or a kitchen? I love kitchen appliances.
I'd probably go to the store where I work.  I like the sound of it. 
Humdrum is my favorite song! I like all genres. What do you like doing?
I agree. I love burgers.  Do you like to eat burgers?  I like mine grilled or pan fried.
That's a good question. I think that would be a good choice.  Do you have any other options?
I think it would be a good place to see the rainbow, it is so beautiful and calm.
I think it is the best option for kids. It is a good way to keep them healthy.
What do you mean by tool kit? I've never heard of it. What is it? I like tool!
That's a good question. I'm not sure if I have a clear answer. Do you know where they are?
That's a good idea, I'll have to look into that.  Do you have any recommendations?
I'm in Ohio. What do you like to do for fun? I like to read.
I love my phone but I hate the sound of a phone.  What do you like to use?
I love television!  My favorite is The Biggest Loser.  What do you like to watch?
That's a great choice. I'm more of a summer girl myself, but I do like the snow. 
I would be so upset if I were you, I have worked there for over 20 years and I know what you mean.
That's a good one. I think it's good to have a clear mindset. What is your favorite color?
I love hotels! I love the night life. Do you like to stay up at night?
That's great advice!  What is your favorite color?  Mine is blue.  Do you have one?
How do you feel about rural areas? I think I'd rather be in the countryside.
Oh no, I'm sorry. Have you had to deal with it? Have you seen a doctor yet?
I love to relax and read books!  What about you?  What do you like to do?  
I'm sorry to hear that. I know how hard that is, especially when you've had to deal with a cough.
That sounds great. I have a garage with a shelf in my garage. What about you?
I am sure you are not the only one who has struggles with debt!  I am sorry to hear that you are struggling.
I would have to say a backpack. I have never used one. Do you have a favorite?
That is terrible. I am so sorry you went through that. I hope it wasn't too painful.
I love Michigan. It is the most populous state in the U.S. I love the Grand Tetons.
I think that's the correct choice. I don't think I could ever settle down with anyone else.
What's your favorite kind of food?  Mine is pizza.  I love all kinds of food.
That's a shame. Do you feel like you have a lot of friends? I don't have many. 
I like to go to a party with my friends. We like to have a lot of fun.
I have always loved the bridge bridge. I would like to visit it someday. Do you have a favorite?
I would say a bathroom is a better place for a bathroom. It is cleaner, and more room for activities.
I would choose the most efficient place for lighting in my office building. What would you choose?
I love reading but I don't think I've ever been able to get into it as much as I'd like
I like to use a variety of types of writing instruments. I have a couple of different types.
I think I'm going to choose a better option for me.  I'm a teacher. 
That is unfortunate. I hope you feel better soon. I'm sure you'll be okay.
What city are you from?  I'm in Dallas, Texas.  I like the outdoors
I am so sorry you are going through that.  I have never had sex sex.  How did you get into it?
What do you mean by that? Are you saying that it is a good way to keep your attention?
I don't believe I have ever done anything like that. I would rather just kill the innocent people.
I love science. What do you do for work? I'm a dental hygienist.
That's a tough one, I'm sorry to hear that! Do you think you will make it through it?
Wow. That's impressive. You must be very good. I bet you can do a lot.
What do you do for a living? I am a carpenter. I work on cars and trucks.
I like growing my own vegetables.  What do you like to grow?  Do you grow your own?
What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? I love travelling, especially to new places.
I love eating. I love to eat. How about you? What are some of your favorite foods?
That is a good question. Do you have a favorite food? I like grass. What do you like to eat?
I love bus rides.  They are my favorite.  How about you?  Do you like buses?
I agree, but I think that's the way to go. People are cruel.  
I love the store I go to. They have so much variety. What do you like to buy?
I love the outdoors.  I love to go for hiking.   What do you like to do?
I don't know. I think it's pretty cool how people can make their own way of thinking.
I love watching tv! It is relaxing. How about you? What shows do you enjoy?
I think I'll just keep it inside.  I have a hard time decorating the house.
I love my fridge.  I like to put left-overs in it.  Do you have any favorite?
That's a great choice.  I think I'll go for the Teslas.  They are so fast.
That's a great question. I'm not sure which one. Do you think I could choose?
I think I would prefer to be home and not in an office. What about you? What do you do for work?
Jewish community is a very diverse group of ethnic communities. Do you know any Jewish communities?
That's a good choice! Do you have a favorite doctor? Mine is the doctor of the emergency room.
That's awesome. I'd love to visit a restaurant one day. I'm not much of a bouquet fan though.
I love dogs, but they can be so hard to train! What do you do for fun?
What city are you from?  I am from New York City.  I love big city.
What is agravatation? I have never heard of it. I have been to court.
Why does he feel guilty? I don't understand. I love to clean my sheets. 
I like the bulk bags. They have a variety of size, shape, and colors. 
Oh no. Why did you get divorced? Was it due to lacks love or incompatibility?
Oh, I see. I'm a bit bored, too. I've been playing some video games lately.
What is your favorite game? Mine is Fortnite. I like to play it on my computer.
Cold air can make you feel better! I love cold air. What do you like to do in your spare time?
How are you doing this fine day? Are you married or single? What do you like to do for fun?
I have seen a few in my family. The toy stores are usually located in the United States.
I love to sit on the beans, especially on the couch. What's your favorite thing to do on the weekends?
That is a great question. How many kids do you have? I have 2 kids and I love bowling!
I love the outdoors. I like hiking in the mountains. Do you? 
I like the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, but I don't think I'd want to go there.
I'm not sure what I'm going to do now. What do you want to do? 
I've never ridden a motorcycle but I know they are pretty popular.  What kind of motorcycles do you like?
I live near the beach, I have never been to Seaside, is that nearby?
That's a good idea. I think I will do that. I'm going to make some spaghetti.
Hi, I just got back in from a ride on my bicycle, how are you?
I like to go to the beach and swim there. I also like to surf. 
I would go to an urban shelter. I know they have a lot of them. 
That sounds great!  I am going to go to the local party with some friends tonight.  What kind of party are you planning?
I would love to go to japan! It's my favorite country in the world! Do you have any suggestions for places to visit?
That's good, I think I will go with the new one because it's so much better for me.
Oh, that's cool. I don't live in a house. I live in an apartment. 
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope they're okay. What do you like to do for fun?
I like the idea of flying an airplane.  What is your favorite kind of plane?
That's good advice. I'll make sure I have the right attorney.  What kind of lawyer do you want to be?
Good for you. I have a friend who has a mild case of schizaphrenia.
I agree!  It is so convenient.  It's hard to find things I don't like.  
I think that electric rails would be a great option. They have been around a long time.
That's interesting! I've never seen a Seattle forest. I'd like to see it one day.
What do you do for a living? I work in an office. It's boring. I work with computers.
That's a good point, I'm sure you're right. Do you have a favorite? 
I love my kitchen, but I have a hard time decorating it. It's hard to find space in my apartment.
I agree.  It's good to learn from mistakes.  Do you have any pets?
That's great news!  I'm glad you're happy.  I've never been to jail.
I know that feeling. I'm a little overweight, but I'm working on it. What about you?
I love rabbits, I think they are so cute, and have such good sense of smell.
What is the answer to the question?  I would like to know.  Is it safe?
That is a good point.  I am going to have to think more about the weather.  Do you live near the beach?
I love animals! I have a dog and two turtles. They are my favorite. Do you have any pets?
I have never heard of them, what kind of music do they play? I like music! 
That sounds nice. What is your favorite kind of music? Mine is Rock.  Do you play any instruments?
I would love to visit a lumber yard. I would like to see a tree fall on me!
That's cool. What do you like to do for a living? I'm a cashier.
I like the idea of space traveling, but I don't think I could handle the idea.
I like Colorado, I have been there. I love the mountains. What do you like to do for fun?
How do you like your job? I like coffee and I love it. What do you do?
I love bowling. It is so fun to go to the bowling center for the kids.
I'd love to go to Portland, Oregon. It's the capital of the United States. 
That's cool.  What do you do for a living?  I work at a call center.
Do you have a dog? I love dogs but I don't have any right now. What do you like to do?
Yes, I love the hardware store.  They have all kinds of hardware.  Do you have a favorite store?
That's interesting! Do you have any favorite types of pencil? I like to use pencil, but sometimes I use colored pencils.
What medicine?  I'm not sure I understand.  Do you know what kind of medicine is used?
Cold is the worst!  Do you have any other pets?  I have two dogs.
I like small towns.  It's so quiet and peaceful.  Do you? 
I love the red sea, especially on the beach.  I also love the color orange.
I have never used a tornado before.  Is it really that scary?  I have heard they are really dangerous.
That's interesting. Do you like clothes? I love shopping for clothes! Do you shop online?
I love New York City. It's a big city, with a population of over 8.7 million people.
I would love to have a backpack, but I am always carrying my dogs.  Do you have a big one?
I'd probably put coins in the garbage.  I don't want it to get in my house.
That's a good point.  It is a good way to get to know your friends.  I have never done that before.
I would love to go to a concert.  I love concerts.  What kind of music is it?
That's a good choice. I prefer Applebees. I don't have a favorite. 
I love to go to state parks.  There are so many good ones.  Do you go often?
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon! Have you tried meditation?
I'm sorry to hear that! I hope he feels better soon. Have you tried to stay awaken?
Oh cool, so what is your favorite car? Mine is the Ford Falcon. I have a Ford Expedition.
That's a great question!  I'm not sure if I'm good at math or not!
I think I would have just put it in my trash can.  I don't like when people don't clean their plates.
That's good to know.  I think it's nice that you have options to save money.
I think I will have to do some more homework. I need to find a way for my son.
I agree!  Food is the most important thing.  I don't think I could live without food!
I love to read, but I'm not sure I could write.  What kind of book do you want to write?
I love to use glue, I use it on my desk drawings.  What do you like to do?
I love Russia!  I have a friend who lives in the US.  What is your favorite country?
I love trains, they are my favorite form of transportation. I also love to ride the train.
That sounds very interesting. I have never been to a grave, but it sounds like something I would like to see.
That's great news! I love cats, they are so cute and they have great personalities! Do you have any pets?
I guess that's a pretty good point. What do you like to do for fun? I like hiking.
I think you are right. I am going to have to get my kids ready for school tomorrow.
That sounds good. I think I'll do that too. I've been looking for a job.
I love to make people feel happy and make people happy.  I love that feeling.  How about you?
I think this is a smart idea. I'm sure they'll understand. Do you think it will work out?
I would love to own a house, but I live in a hotel and my room needs more space.
That's awesome, I love boats.  I have a few.  What type of boat do you have?
I have always wanted a sealed cabinet, but my apartment does not have room for one. Do you use them?
I would like to know where the hospital is located. I would love to see it. 
How did you know that the river Valley is a river that runs through San Diego, CA?
I'm so sorry, that's a bummer. I'm sorry that happened. What did you order?
I think you're right. I like dogs but I'm not a huge fan of cats. What about you?
I like to go hiking on the weekends.  Do you like to hike? 
Do you play any sports? I like to play basketball, but I'm not good at it!
Japan seems like a great place to visit. I have always wanted to go.   I would love to see the sights of Japan.
I like to put things in my coffee cup so I don't have to think about it. Do you?
That's good to know. I'm not sure what I want to do for a job. 
I like museums, especially historical ones.  I like the exhibit "The Birds of the Labrador".
Yes, I agree.  I think that is why I don't think we can trust anyone anymore.
I am so sorry to hear that. What is the interview for? I hope he gets it.
That is so true.  It is so sad.  What did you do to the patient?
That's a good point.  I think he's a really great driver.  What kind of car did he drive?
Hi there. What is your favorite color? Mine is red. It is one of the primary colors.
I love cycling.  It is so much fun.  Do you like to bike?
I love movies!  What's your favorite movie?  Mine is the Godfather.  What is yours?
I would like to know more about ceiling ceiling.  Do you like ceiling? 
I like flowers, but I like the outdoors more. I also grow a bunch of vegetables, fruits, and herbs.
What kind of chair is it, if you don't mind me asking?  I have a chair that I use in my office.
I live in a house in a mansion.  It's a small town so it's not too big.  How about you?
I love Michigan. It's the best state in the Midwest. I'd go to Michigan, but I've never been.
That is interesting!  Do you have a favorite actor?  I love Michael Jackson!  I would see him in an opera.
I love chess. It's one of the most popular sports in the world, I play it all the time.
I love to travel. I've never been to the beach.  Have you ever been?
That's a good point. I think I'll have to use that. Thanks for the insight!
I would have to say bowling is the best way to catch a game.  What is your favorite game?
I love fairy tales. I grew up on a farm, but we moved to Michigan when I was a baby.
What grade level are you in?  I am a teacher in a high school level.  Do you know anyone who teaches?
What is it you are frustrated about? Is it something you are passionate about?  
That's unfortunate. Do you have any pets? I have a dog that I love. What about you?
That is very cool.  What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?  Mine is reading.
I am so sorry to hear that. I have had migras and they can be really bad. 
I like to sleep in and nap on the couch.  What do you like to do for fun?
That sounds exciting.  I like the outdoor activities like biking and camping.  Do you?
I have never had to go to prison. I have been to a few festivals.
I love food. I love all types of food. My favorite is Thai. How about you?
I like leather. Leather seats are good for all types of activities like hiking, camping, fishing, etc.
I like that too.  I have a hard time picking.  What is your favorite type of wooden pine?
I like the Ross Tower. I think it's the tallest one in the world.
I like to play poker and it is very easy.  It is one of the most popular game in the world.
I love a good bathroom.  What do you do?  I like to make my own pasta.
Hi, how are you today? I just got back from a long day of work, I was exhausted.
I like England. I love the fact that it's so big and has a lot to offer.
I'd rather have an office in the city than in the country. I don't like crowds.
I love to believe in the lord.  It's a blessing.  What do you think?
I am sorry to hear that. I hope you get to feeling better soon. Are you married ?
That sounds like a fun event!  I love New York City!  Have you ever been?
I love fruit!  I like all types of fruit.  Do you?  What do you like to do for fun?
I have never driven a race car, but I have driven a fast car before. It's a lot faster than my old Chevy.
What is a dancer? I have never heard of it. I like to dance though.
I'm not sure. Maybe he needs a vacation?  I hope he doesn't get sick too much.
I live in a townhouse. I like it. It's smaller but more affordable. 
How is it going? Are you feeling well? I just got back from a long day of work.
I think I'm going to go to Tennessee. They have some good fiddles there.
I like grocery stores.  I like fresh fruit and fruits that are not processed.
Yes, I do. I'm thinking about visiting Japan. I've always wanted to see it.
I don't know if you should have a hard time deciding. It would be hard to be in a situation like that.
That sounds really tough. I think I'd have to call the bank to get my money back.
How about a pizza?  I love pizza.  What about you?  What do you like to eat?
Good to know.  I hope you don't have to deal with it.  Do you have a favorite author?
I like explosions, I like how they use explosions to launch an explosion. How about you?
I have never been to an Atlantic Sea, I have only been to the Gulf and the Atlantic Ocean.
Saucepans, I see! What's your favourite thing to do in your spare time?
I love fast food!  I like to get burgers and french fries.  I also love a good cheeseburger.
I would like to say chewing, it is the most widely used food in the world.
I like bowling too, but I don't go very often.  I usually just go with my friends.
Do you believe in a lot of things?  I don't think I could be an atheist.
Hi. How is your day going? I just got done with a workout. What are you up to?
I would go for a Teslas. I know they are very popular, but I don't know if I would be able to afford one.
Oh, I love weddings! I have always wanted to get married. What is your favorite food? Mine is pizza.
What is your favorite thing to do?  I like to lay on a beach and watch the water.
I have an iPod.  It is a computer and I love my iphone.  What is your favorite?
Hi! I'm not a runner, but I love to exercise. What do you like to do?
I agree. Cereal is very important.  It is one of the most popular foods in the world.
I like to keep my wallet in my pocket, it is convenient.  I also keep it in my wallet.
I would love to go to a grocery store, but I live in a small town. 
I like the potato soup.  I like to put potatoes in a variety of different containers.
I think that's the best option.  I know I can do well on homework. 
How do you feel about the crime?  Is it a good thing or a bad thing?  I don't know.
I hate when I do homework. What are you up to? Any plans for this afternoon?
I would love to go to a countryside, it is peaceful.  What do you like to do for fun?
Cupboards are so cool. I have a couple of them myself. They're really cool.
I like to put a lot of salt in my recipes. I don't like to use too much.
I agree, I'm not a huge fan of war.  I prefer to stay at home and watch television.
I agree.  I think I like listening to music when I am down.  Do you like music?
The NASA flooded the mainland of Florida and the Gulf of Mexico. 
I like Texas a lot, it's the 3rd most populous state, and the 2nd most densely populated in the US.
I have a Teslas and they're the safest and most fuel efficient vehicle in the world. What do you drive?
I love Cherish Price, she's my favorite character. I love her so much!
I love steaks.  It is my favorite type of meat.  I like mine well done.
Yes, I agree. I try and stay in shape and exercise a lot.  Do you exercise?
I agree with you. What do you do for a living? I work at the zoo.
I have a hard time remembering, I can't remember the answer.  What is your favorite food?
I love bugs.  Do you have any?  I've never seen one in my life.
That's a good point.  Do you have any kids?  I have two boys, and they are grown up.
I love playing golf! It's one of my favorite sports to play. Do you like it?
Oh, I see.  I guess I'm not much of a fan of cheese.  What do you like?
What's your favorite thing to do on the weekends?  I love the outdoors.
You are right about that.  I love to shop at malls.  What is your favorite store?
I've seen a lot of people on the streets. Do you know anyone who has a mental disorder?
I would love to go to a nice park. I love the outdoors, especially in the fall.
I think I'll go with my wife.  She's the one I've been dating for 5 years.  I think she's a keeper.
I like relaxation.  I like going to the beach and relaxing by myself. 
What do you like to do on the weekends?  I like hiking and going fishing.
I have a hard time waking up, but I always feel like I am going to get up early.
Oh I hate headaches. I get them all the time. Do you have a choice? 
Towel is such a great choice. I love it. What do you like to do?
Yes, he is not the greatest singer of all time. He has a lot of talent.
Hello, how are you doing today? I'm good. Just got off work at the hospital.
I like shopping at Sam's Club. It's a department store that sells mostly non-perisle clothing.
I love Tennessee!  It's the only state that borders Memphis, Mississippi, and Georgia.
I love to read.  I have a big collection.  What do you like to do?
I know that feeling.  I have a lot of time to do my housework.  Do you do anything interesting?
I love a good whiskey.  I usually get a cocktail or whisky.  What is your favorite?
That's a good point, I don't think I could handle it. What do you do for work?
I like the city. It is the most populous city in Michigan. Do you have any plans for this afternoon?
I agree. I think I'm going to order some ice cream later today. I love ice cream
Wow, how is it to hike the Appalachian National Scenic Trail?
It would be cool to see a show like this!  I would love to see it!  What do you think?
I love to cook. It's my favorite hobby. I love all types of cuisines.
I would have to say the one I'm most interested in is the one in the sea. 
I love watching the sky in my plane.  What is your favorite color?  Mine is blue.
What kind of candy do you like to pick?  I'm a candy fanatic.  Do you have a favorite?
I love mail.  What do you do for work?  I work in a bank. 
What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?  I like to watch movies. 
Friends are important.  I have never met anyone who was greedy.  Do you have any?
I agree. I think it's important to be a good person and help others out in their lives.
I think it's just a good question. I don't think I could have said it better.
I love to drive with the rain! What do you like to do for fun? I like to go fishing in the summer.
What is your favorite food? Mine is chicken and potatoes. It is so versatile. What's yours?
That is interesting.  I don't have a choice.  Do you like to watch television?
I'm sure you have a lot of health problems.  Have you ever had to go to the doctor?
I agree with you. I believe in God. I am not religious, but it is important to me.
I have never used water.  I usually use soap.  It's a good way to wash my clothes.  Do you use it?
I love shopping for fabrics. It's a great way to save money on clothes!
What do you do for a living?  I'm in marketing.  I work for a marketing agency.
That's a great point. It's good that you have a backup outlet. Do you have any other hobbies?
I would love to go to one of those zoos, but I am afraid of the crowds. Do you have any suggestions?
I like to shop at the bookstore.  I love to read.  Do you shop at one?
That sounds like a good idea. I'll have to make sure I do that. I love maps
Refrigerators are so useful! I have a big collection of old ones.  
That's interesting.  What do you think caused them to move?  Were they abandoned?
I have never seen it before. I will have to check it out.  I like documentaries. 
I think I'll have to give this a go, but I don't think I've ever seen a tree in the wild before.
I have been married for 5 years and have been happily married for 3 years.  I don't think it is possible to stop loving someone.
That is great to know. I am a mailman. I deliver mail. What about you?
What kind of music do you play?  Do you play an instrument?  I play the drums.
I don't know, but I do know he had a hard time with his armies. What did he do?
I do not really watch tv, but I do enjoy watching shows.  What kind of shows do you like?
How many pregnancies have you been having? I have been pregnant twice and it is exhausting.
I work in a hospital. I love it.   I work with senior people. 
I would say a bacon egg and bacon is one of the most popular foods in the world
That sounds great. What do you like to do for fun? I love to read, but I don't get to read much.
What kind of dog do you have?  I've got a dog myself.  I love him so much.
How do you think you'd like to answer this question? I think you'll find the right answer.
I agree.  What is your favorite food?  Mine is Chinese.  I can't believe they invented it.
How do you feel about the question? I'm not sure I could make a good choice. 
Yes, it is always good to relax. Do you like Danny? He is my favorite.
I think it's good that you're thinking positively. Karma is a great thing. 
I would love to go to Rome one day! It's so beautiful and I'd love to see all of the historical sites.
I don't know, I don;t think he's the right one for Sara. 
That would be interesting. What do you do for work? I work in an office.  
I like playing with sprinklers.  I think it is a fun activity.  What is your favorite thing to do?
What is your favorite cake to bake? I love cake. I could eat it all day!
I would love to visit there someday. I have a friend who lives there and it's beautiful.
Hi how are you doing?  I am good.  I was in a hurricane.
I like drinking, but I have never been to a black market. Is this a legal activity?
I would like to live in California. I love the beach and the water. How about you?
That sounds like a good choice! Do you have a favorite team? I am a big fan of the United States team.
How long have you been in a car?  I have been on one since I was a baby.  It's been a while.
I would love to go to college. I just don't know where I want to go. What do you study?
That is great.  Do you like children?  I have two myself.  What do you do for a living?
The word ferrari was first documented in the 10th century.   Do you own one?
I love grocery shopping.  What's your favorite grocery shop?  Mine is Sam's Club.
I've had that happen to me before. I think it's a pretty common thing. I'm sorry you had to experience that.
I can understand that. What do you think causes the guilt? Are you okay?  
I like hockey and hockey.  I love the NHL.    Do you like hockey?
That's interesting, what do you like to do for fun? I like hiking and camping.
I think I would have a heart attack if I had to choose.  I would probably go for a quick snack.
I love to listen to music, especially when I'm on the go! Do you play any musical instruments?
I like to relax by watching tv. What about you? What do you like to do for fun?
I think I would rather drink than fight. I don't think I could handle that.  
What is a good thing? What is it that you like to do in your free time? 
That sounds interesting. I have never done that.  Do you know anyone who does it? 
That's interesting. I think it's funny how some people are so afraid of heights. 
I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any pets? What do you enjoy doing?
I love painting, but I never learned how to paint. I just paint. Do you have any hobbies?
That is a tough question. I think the answer is to use a lot of sunscreen.
I would love to go to Europe. It would be nice to see a place with a good view of the world.
What is your favorite game to play? I like to play baseball and soccer in my spare time.
I think I'm going to go back to school. It's been a while since I've been there.
Oh no!  I hate when that happens!  What did you do?  Did he end up eating something in the morning?
I like Billy. I like his friendship.  What about you?  Do you have a best friend?
I like to read a lot. What do you like to do in your spare time? I like going to the beach.
I love kissing.  Kissing is the best part of the night.  I love to be in the dark.
I love shopping there, I usually get some good stuff at the mall.  Do you have a favorite store?
That is so cool. What is your favorite thing to do in your free time? Mine is going to the beach.
I am so sorry to hear that.  Do you know if the parents knew they were adopted?
I don't think I've ever had anyone have groomed my hair before. I guess that's not good.
What do you do for work?  I'm in the medical field.  I have a fire department that handles all fires.
How do you feel about the flooding? I hate when it comes to my house. I hate it!
I would have done the same thing, but I don't think I would ever do it again.
I like Nevada. It's the second-largest state in the USA. 
That's cool. I like the downtown nightclubs because I like to dance. How about you?
I think it's great that you're able to find a new job.  Do you have any hobbies?
I love going to bars.  I like to go to the ones where there are a lot of people.
I would love to get out there to see the stars. I would probably just go to the beach.
That's awesome, I'm sure you'll do great!  What language do you want to learn?
I agree with you, meeting new people is a big deal. What do you do for a living?
That's so true. I think we're going to have to get used to it. I don't think I could do it.
I think that if you were to kill someone, you would get a good amount of time to think about it.
I love grocery shopping. I usually shop at Whole Foods. I like to buy all kinds of food from there.
I can see why you would want to say that.  It's good to know there are many ways to help people in need.
Yes, it's a good point, but I'm more of a night person. Do you have a preference?
That's a great idea, I'm sure it would be a nice change of scenery for him.
What city are you from? I live in the Midwest. We have a few bars here.
I like to cook. I love to cook but I'm not very good.  What is your favorite food?
I would have put on a t-shirt.  I like to wash them.  Do you?
I like to go to park and just relax and enjoy the scenery.  What is your favorite park?
I'm a big fan of salmon.  I love the taste of it. What's your favorite?
I would like to be a professional actor and actress. How about you? Are you interested in acting?
I agree. Pizza is so versatile and easy to make. I would have to say it's one of the most popular foods in the world.
What is your favorite cake?  I like a good cake, but my favorites are cake.
I have a couple of pairs of pants that are really comfortable. Do you like jeans?
That's a good point.  What are some of your other options?  Are you married?
That is a great choice. I love boats and would love to sail one one some day. Do you have one?
I like to play in the park, and I have a lot of friends that go there.  Do you have kids?
I think you are right.  I like to have my own bedroom.  What do you do?
I like to dance, but not in a club.  What kind of music do you like?
I'm a big fan of bare arm wrestling.  I like how the wrestling is.
What type of music do you play? I play blues. What kind of music are you into?
Good to be successful. I'm sure he'll get a promotion in the future. What do you do?
Wow, that's a scary thing to think about. Do you think it will be a crime?
What do you do for a living? I love to cook. I love baked goods.
I love to read. I am a good writer. What about you? What do you like to do?
That's a good point.  I guess that's a pretty good idea.  How tall are you?
That is good to know.  I will try to keep it as simple as I can.  What grade level do you teach?
Yes, I have read the news a lot. It is a great source of information.  
I have a garage in my house and there are many different types of mice. Do you have one?
That is a tough one. You must be very smart.  I have never had a blood test. 
I love to go to the beach and swim and surf. Do you like to swim?
I like how it's so easy to choose.  What do you like to do?  I love the outdoors.
I would have to say the church. It's a great place to skateboard, but I don't know if I could do it.
I love muscle milk, I eat it almost every day. It's one of my favorite foods to eat.
What is it like to carry a purse? Is it a pocket knife? I've never used one before.
That sounds nice, what is your favorite kind of coffee? I like mine black and I like to have it with a bit of cream.
I like to use candles, especially the ones that are used in the movie "The Godfather"
Hi. I am a female and I like to carry coins.  Whats your favorite type of coin?
Do you think a man or girl who is not "normal" would be considered "not normal"?
What is your favorite color? Mine is blue. I think it is the color of my car.
I am sorry to hear that.  Do you have a chance to go to jail?  I hope they will be able to find out soon.
Chicken is one of the most popular meats in the world and I would say it would be good for you.
I love Halloween, it's my favorite time of the year. What do you do for work?
I love to stand up, but I'm too tall. I can't stand the crowds.
I like to find toys at the library, but I like going to bookstores more. 
That's interesting. Do you think it's a choice to breathe fresh air when you're decorating?
That's awesome! I hope you do well. I love to go out and meet new people.
I like to think of it as a way to get information.  It is a good way to save money.
I love wrestling, but I'm not sure I could ever do it. I'm a bit afraid of getting hurt.
I love California.  It's my favorite state in the world.   What do you like to do in your spare time?
Homeschooling is a way to educate your child, but I think I prefer to go to college.
That's a good choice.  I like to call 911.  Do you have a phone?
I am so sorry that happened.  I hope you will find another job soon.   What are you going to do?
That is so terrible, I'm so sorry to hear that.  I hope you can find comfort to your loved ones.
What do you like to do in your spare time?  I like to play with Legos.
I agree, I hate when food doesn't work. What is your favorite kind of food? 
I like to think so. What else do you do for fun? Do you have any hobbies?
I love to laugh! What do you do for a living?  I work in a law office.
That's a good attitude to have.  I'm sure you'll be fine!  Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Hi there! How are you? I'm just relaxing after a long day at work. What do you do?
I love music.  What kind of instrument do you play?  What type of music do you like?
That's great advice.  I hope it works out for you.    What did you decide to do?
Good for you. You will be fine. I have never been in jail before.  Do you know what kind of fire it was?
I have always wanted to visit the US. I have never been to Germany but would love to visit.
That sounds great!  I think he is going to enjoy his new computer!  What do you do for a living?
I like drawing.  I like to use a whiteboard for my clips.  Do you?
I've heard of it.  Is it a big city?  I'm guessing it's the largest metropolitan area in the world.
I think it would be nice to be married. I have never kissed anyone before. I think I'll have to do that.
I love trekking in the mountains.  I would love to take a trip to the deserts.
I love christmas!  I love the christmas carols!  How about you?
I love weddings. I have been to many. What do you do for a living?
I know. I've been thinking about it since it is so cold outside. I have a hard time decorating my room.
I agree that would be a great challenge to win, but I think I'd have to be more prepared.
Cheesapeake Bay is a great place to visit for seafood.  I love crab and lobster.
I love parties, and I love going to the beach, but I hate the crowds.
That's too bad, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better now. 
I like the Sanctuary stadium. It's a great place to watch a good football game.
I love shelf. It's so convenient.    Do you like to cook?
I love music.  I love playing guitar in my spare time.  It's one of my favorite things to do!
I like to put soup on my tables.  Do you?  It makes me feel so lazy.
I am not sure but DRc is the name of the Director of the Democratic Republic.
I would like to be a professional wrestler.  I'm not sure if I can do it professionally.  Do you play any sports?
I like fences. Do you like it? What is your favorite part about it?  
I think it is a great thing to get up early.  It helps me stay up later.
That is true. I love food. What is your favorite food? I like to go out to eat.
I'd like to go to the park and play. I love the outdoors, but I'm afraid of the crowds.
I am not sure what you mean.  Do you have a job? I have a savings account.
I like the fact that it's on a grass field in a parking garage.  
I would love to see a giant insection, but I have not been to a zoo in a while.
I love hotels! It's a good place for cheap hotel rooms and hotels, too!
I like the show "Jeopardy".  I love how they have to solve crimes.
What kind of things do you like to do for fun? I like to go out and get new things.
I love to sleep. It makes me feel like I am awake.  How about you? 
Oh my gosh, that's so embarrassing! Did you cry? I'd be too.
What do you think of the Walmart farmers market? I've never been to one, but I know it's a big one.
What kind of work do you do?  Are you a programmer?  I am a programing intern.
The word "compas" is used to describe a large, round, carnivorous mammal
I love the sound of vinyls. I listen to them in my old car. What kind do you like?
I love cats!  They are so sweet.  I have three.  Do you have any?
I love coffee.  I love reading in the evenings.  What do you like to do in your spare time?
What is your favorite color? Mine is red. It is one of the three primary colors of the pigments in the world.
I like stamp collection.  It's a great hobby to have.  I like to collect them.  What about you?
What is your favorite kind of beer? I love beer, and I love a good whiskey.
I think you are right.  I am not sure about that.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's a shame.  I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you ever been to a deaf tourist attraction?
I love to cook. I love trying new foods. What about you?  What do you do for a living?
I'm not sure what I'm going to do.  I'll have to think.  What is it called?
I'm sorry to hear that you are having a hard time.  I hope things get better.
What is your favorite vaccine? Mine is probably a flu vaccine because it is so effective.
I agree! I like computers. What do you like to do for fun? I like reading and gaming.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Did he at least try to fix it up for you?
I think that is a good question to ask her.  I'm sure she will answer.  Do you know Jennifer?
I love the country! I would love to visit the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
I love to sit on my couch and read. I love the outdoors.  
I like the idea of the church service.  I don't know if I could live anywhere else.
I would love to go to church but I don't know how I would feel if the power goes out.
I would like a light to use in the dark, like a candle, or even a fire.
I like roultry wheel, but I don't think I've ever played it. 
I love to play video games, but I'm not good at them. What kind of games do you enjoy?
Netflix is a great source of entertainment.  I watch a lot of documentaries.  What is your favorite Netflix series?
I would have to agree with you.  I have been in a couple car crashes and I have had to stop driving.
I like to bake, but I'm not very good at it.  How about you?
That's really cool. I'm not really a kiss person, but I do like to watch people kiss each other. I don't think I've kissed anyone before.
I've never been fishing before.  I've heard it's a lot of fun though.
I love the Tomb! I think it's one of the most popular tourist attractions in the world!
Yes, I agree. What's your favorite color? Mine is blue. What about you? 
Oh no, that sounds terrible.  I have a hard time focusing on words, but I can type pretty well.  What do you do for a living?
I'm not really sure, but I would like to know. Do you know where it is located?
Shin splits are so bad!  I've been trying to get back into shape.  I need to get out more.
Yes, that's a good point! Do you have a favorite food? I love food! 
Yes, I think that is one of my biggest weaknesses in my life. What do you like to do for fun?
I love the store. It's a good place to buy jeans, shirts, and t-shirts.
Do you like baking? My favorite is baked goods. What's your favorite food?
I like grocery stores.  I like looking at the framed pictures of food in them.
I love fridge, especially the lacto-vegetarians. What is your favorite?
That would be a nice change of pace. What do you do for fun? I enjoy reading.
I'm sorry to hear that. What happened to the ball? Was it a serious injury? 
Coffee is the best. I'd have to say that I like a lot of coffee.
That sounds like a good place to work.  I would love to go back to a hotel.
Oh I see. So, do you like music? I love rock. I'm a big fan of The Beastie Boys.
How many dogs do you have?  I have two and they're the best companions.  Do you like dogs?
I would go to a music store and get my hands out of there. What type of music do you like to play?
What type of car was it?  I love cars.  They are so fast.  I had a Chevy Impala.
I love water.  I like to go fishing and catch fish in the sea.  
I love getting drunk! I love the atmosphere.  What about you?  What kind of music do you like?
I like grocery stores. I like the ones that sells fruits, veggies and meats.
I like hanging pictures. Do you have any favorite subject in school? I like photography. 
That is a really good idea. It's always good to have options when you have to decide what you want to do.
I hope it works out for you!  I love to play computer video games myself!  What do you like to play?
I think you are right, but I think I'm better at making money by making smart choices. 
That's a good point, I'd probably have to pick a service that has the best customer experience.
What do you think caused it?  Did it involve drugs?  Or was it a mental illness?
Wow that sounds like a nice place! I would love to visit one day. Do you have any suggestions?
I like to go to Home Depot.  They sell everything from home.  Do you go often?
I agree with you.   I own a house.  I work 12 hours a week.
I agree, practice makes perfect! Do you play any instruments?  I love music myself.
How do you feel about the river?  I've never been.  Do you like it?
That's interesting. What do you usually eat for lunch? I love mexican food. 
That's a good idea. I'll try that. I like video games. What do you do for fun?
I know the feeling. I am too lazy sometimes. I have a hard time focusing on my own thoughts.
That's awesome!  What is your favorite type of bridge?  Mine is the Broadway one in Las Vegas.
I'm so sorry to hear that.  I hope it works out for you.  Do you own a home?
That's great!  I think that's a good idea.  I wish I could help.
That's sad, but it's a good thing that it's possible to rehabilitate them. 
I have never heard of that, but it sounds very interesting.  Do you have any suggestions?
I like going to the pubs.  It's a nice place to drink and socialize.  Do you like going there?
I love the colorado mountains. I would love to see the Grand Tetons. 
I like the door knobs. I think they are the best way to make a living.
What do you like to do for fun? I like to play soccer. I like the outdoors.
I love skyskrappers, especially the one on Manhattan, NY.
I can understand that. I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you tried going out with friends?
That's a good point. I guess I should just stick to the one I think I'm most likely to have.
That's a good idea. I'll keep that in mind for next time I see him. 
Hello. How are you today? I just got done doing a painting of a human face.
That's a good point. I'll have to do that next time I visit France. I love France.
That's great!  What is your favorite food?  I like pizza.  I love all kinds of cheese.
I have never been to a zoo, but I have been to North Dakota and I love it
I love Disneyland, but I haven't been there in years. I'd love to go back, but it's so expensive.
I love a bowl. It is one of the most common types of containers in the world.
I like to dress up as my wife and kids. She's a stay at home mom. 
What city are you from? I live in Dallas, Texas. It is known for it's large shopping center.
How long have you been together?  I have been married for 3 years now.  We met at a local bar.
That's a good idea. I think I'll have to do that. Do you have a favorite place to go for a hair salon?
I love wearing shoes, I have a few pairs of them.  What about you?  What do you like to wear?
What do you do? I work in a factory.  It is a financial district. 
You are very smart.  I think that is one of the most important things in a person.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon!  What do you like to do for fun?
What city are you from?  I live in a big city.  I love the nightlife.
Seafood is good but I prefer fish. I prefer crab, lobster and shrimp. What about you?
Hi, what do you like doing for fun? I like walking my dog. What about you?
The tre trek is in chicago, but i have never been there. What is it about?
That's cool. Do you like to climb?  I like climbing mount everest
Hi! I would like to know what I would do with my sword.  I think I might have to use a different type of sword.
I think it is because of the fact that she didn't make it on time for her dentistry exam.
I think it's good to be inspired by your own thoughts.  What kind of work do you do?
I like the outdoor activities, especially hiking. I like nature and nature. 
I think I will choose the US Capital Building because it is the largest building in the world
What is your favorite food?  Mine is chicken and rice.    Do you have a favorite food item?
How are you doing? I am good. I hope you are well. What is your favorite food?
I love flowers, but my favorite is yellow. I like the color yellow too.  What is your favorite color?
I love opera!  What type of opera do you like to listen to?  I like musical genres.
That's a bummer.  I hope she didn't lose the dog.  What breed is it?
I like to give money.  I don't know if I would have done that if I had lost my wallet.  How about you?
I guess that's a good point.  I'm glad I chose a good option.  It's a little nerve-wracking to be honest.
What kind of work do you do? What do you study? I am studying computer science.
I like to put stamp on things that I like like. Do you have a preference? 
I like pubs.  They serve beer, and wine.  What's your favorite type of beer?
I like a good rib-eye steak. I also like a nice rib steak or tenderloin.
I like to think that enlightening people is a good thing.   What do you do for work?
I would rather not say I have ever been involved in a crime before. What would you do?
That is interesting! I would like to know more about you and what you do for a living?
I like to think I'm a pretty good listener of questions.   What is your favorite thing to do?
The battlefield is a great battlefield. What do you like to do? Do you play it?
What do you do for a living? I work in a hospital. What do your parents do?
That is so sad.  I'm sorry.  Did you have to deal with that? 
I'm sorry to hear that.  I know she will be in a better place.  Do you have any kids?
I love to take notes! It is one of the most commonly used ways of sharing information and ideas in the world.
I agree. I think it is a very hard question to answer. Do you agree?  
I can understand that. I am not a big fan of food. I do love a good salad though. I love to cook.
I love archetyology, it's so fascinating to learn about the past.  What's your favorite museums?
That is terrible.  Are you going to be a serial killer?  I know some people who are.
Oh, I see. Do you have any pets? I've got a dog. His name is Douglas.
Hi, how are you doing? I am fine, I just have to get up early. What is your favorite beer?
That sounds interesting, I think I might have to give it a go.  Are you a fan?
I love the circus, I have never been to one, but they are very entertaining.
That's a great question. I wonder if there was any time when he was held hostage.
I love it.  What is your favorite?  Mine is pickled ginger and sour cream!
I understand that. I have a similar problem, but I don't have a job. I spend most of my time at home.
That sounds really interesting. Do you like writing?  I'm not very good at it. 
That sounds like a good idea.  I'll have to try that.  Thanks for the advice!
That's a great idea.  What is your favorite part of the bathroom?  I love the cabinets.
I like gardening too. What is your favorite flower? I like roses. What do you do?
How long have you been dating?  I have been married for a few years.  Do you have kids?
That sounds like a good idea to me!  I love dancing.  What is your favorite kind of dancer?
I love to read, but I like to read in my spare time. I like the library.
I would love to visit Michigan, I have heard it's a beautiful state.  What is your favorite food in Michigan?
I like rabbits too, but I prefer dogs. They are good pets.  
That is interesting. I have always wondered what it is like to be foreign. What language are you speaking?
What do you mean by that? I don't understand.  Are you talking about the UFC or the MMA fight?
I love to use vases for decoration. I would love to see one that was used in a resturant.
Yes.  I like playing games.  What about you, what do you like to play?
What kind of car is it?  I have a Chevy.  I love Chevy's.
I love movies.  What's your favorite?  I saw The Godfather recently. 
How do you feel about the bee honey? I don't think I have ever had bee's.
What do you do for a living?  Do you have hobbies?  I love playing basketball.
I write in my spare time. I have a lot to write about. What kind of questions do you have?
Hello, how are you today? I'm good. I just came back from a long day at work.
That's awesome, what is it like living in the city with such a huge museum?
I would love to go to a bookstory and find a new chair. How about you?
I love to build, especially with my kids.  Do you?  What do you like to build?
Hi, how are you? What is your favorite kind of food? Mine is hot. I love to cook.
I like trekking the mountains and camping. I also like to go to the beach.
I agree.  The best part was that they can be used in a variety of dishes.
That's too bad, I hate when people don't take good care of their pets and their owners.
I'm not sure what you mean.  What is it?  I've never done a rope before.
I love the pet store! I've got a dog and she's my world. What about you?
I love the soda cans, but I have never tried a vendor vendor before.  What's your favorite soda?
What is your favorite flavor of ice cream? I love strawberry ice cream. I could eat it everyday.
I think I'd go with something like a pocket knife.  What do you like to do for fun?
That is good advice.  What is your favorite color? Mine is red.  I like red
I love to cook, but my favorite is a good pancake. What about you? 
Food is always good, what is your favorite? I love mexican and Indian food.
Oh I see. Do you prefer movies or tv shows? I'm a big fan of movies.
I think you are right.  It is hard to believe how much I have wasted money on this.
I like to think I'm creative but I'm not very good. I think I need to find more creative ways to express myself.
I love cake!  I have a weakness for cake.  What about you?  What are your favorite desserts?
I have always wanted to visit a zoo. I have been to the Atlantic Ocean before, but have never been to a sea.
That's a good point. I'm a little worried about that. I don't think I could eat too much.
That is good, what do you think happened to the spouse of the spys?  
I'm glad he made it to town. I hate it when people are so careless. 
Yes, I do too, but not as lucky as you! Do you have any hobbies?
I live near the eastern part of the country in the United States.  What about you?
Hi, I am from Michigan. I like beer, but I don't drink it often.
I guess that's a pretty hard question to answer, but I guess if I had to choose I would have to choose the answer.
I feel you. I used to be overweight, but I've learned to control my food intake.
That is a great question!  I would have to agree, competition is one of the most important things in life.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever had a heart attack? I've had one.
I think that is a good choice, as long as it is not a foster child.  I have never had a child.
I agree, I'm always hungry. What do you do for a living? I'm a waitress.
I like to sing, but I don't sing in public. I do like to read though. 
What is your favorite food? Mine is spicy curry. I love trying new things. 
I love kissing.  It is so relaxing. How about you?  What is your favorite thing to kiss?
That's a good point. I should probably drink more water. I have a hard time staying hydrated.
I love to learn, but I'm not the best at it. It's always a learning process.
I would go with the movie Theater District.  I love theater so much.
I agree that's the best choice of questions.  What do you like to do for fun?
That's good!  I bet it was a great accomplishment for her.  What did she win?
Do you know of the company Warner Bros? They're the largest powerhouse in the world.
What do you like to do for fun? Music is a huge part of my daily life.
Hi, I am a biologist, I work in a research lab, what about you?
I like trying new stuff.  Do you have any suggestions?  What would be your favorite food?
That's a tough one.  I think it would depend on the neighborhood.  What neighborhood are you in?
I love caves. I would love to go one day. Do you like caving? 
I love fast food.  I like to get it all done right.  What do you like to eat?
That's cool. Do you have any favorite brand of clothing? I like American eagle.
I like to make lists of items. It is hard to keep track of them. What is your favorite thing to make?
Yes, I love the city, it is one of the most populous cities in the US. 
What do you like to do for fun?  I like to go for walks with my cats.
I don't think I've ever had a kiss before, and I don;t know what to do.
I would love to go there.  It seems like such a fun place.  Do you like it there?
That sounds like fun. I love fashion shows, and the outdoors. What do you like to watch?
I agree.  I'm sure there are lots of different ways to help people with mental illness.
What is it about? I'm a poet myself. What kind of books do you write?
That's a good point, it's always good to be able to get up and change clothes.
I think it depends on the situation, I would be worried if I was going to lose my money.
That is a good one.  I love hardware store.  My favorite is a garage.  What is your favorite store?
I like bisuits. I like to use a lot of salt and vinegar. What about you?
I think that's a good point. What do you do for a living? I work in a factory.
I like lake Michigan.  It is my favorite state.  Do you like lakes?
Hello! I am a big supporter of my local news!  What do you do for fun?
That sounds good to me.  I will have to try it next time.  Thanks for the suggestion.
I'm not sure what you mean.  What's your favorite balloon?  Mine is the one in Pennsylvania.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Have you thought of trying a non-profits?
What kind of food do you like to cook?  I like to bake.  I also like to make spicy food.
I love watching football on TV, especially when it's a soccer match. What do you do?
I agree, that sounds scary.  I don't think I could handle a knife like they do. 
How are you doing today? Are you having a great day?  I am having a good day.
Yes, I know. I'm glad I live in Texas where tornado warnings are very common.
I like to wear glasses, but I do not wear them because of my poor vision. 
Fishing is fun. I like to fish with my friends. Do you have any pets?
That's great to hear.  I wish I had more time to spend with my kids and my husband. 
I would like to go to a grocery shop, but I'm not sure where I would want to go.  Do you have any suggestions?
That is a good idea, I like that.  Do you have a favorite kind of wall?
I'm not sure, I guess I will just have to pick it up.  What are you going to do with it?
I think you are correct. I am going to have to do more research on the questions. Do you have any other questions?
I'm sorry to hear about your emotions. Have you had any experiences with this emotion before? 
What do you want to do for a living? I'm a teacher. It's a tough job.
I would love to go to a desert. The heat is unbearable. How about you?
That's good information!  Do you like to cook?  I love to bake. 
Oh wow. I have never heard of them before.  I will have to look them up. 
Oh no. I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you recover from the damage. I've been there before.
I like baked goods. I love to make cakes. What is your favorite kind?
What city are you from? I live in a small town in a city in a big city.
What kind of music do you like? I enjoy listening to music. I like rock and roll.
That is interesting.  What is it that you like to do for fun? I love books.
I love Michigan, I have family there. What part of Michigan are you from? I am from Lake Michigan.
Yes I can see that.  I think the temperature is just too hot.  Do you like the weather?
I love to work. I work for a company as a computer technologist. What is your job?
I think a bed is the best option.  I would love to have more space for my bed.
I don't understand what you mean.  Do you believe in a lot of things?  Like a god?
That's scary. I don't think I would want to live in an air-breathing spider trap.
What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to play video games.  
I agree, but I think it would be hard to carry a gun in a public place like that. 
I have a lot of experience with medicine. I'm not sure if I want to get into it, but it seems like a good choice.
I love playing football.  I like throwing balls.  How about you?  What do you do?
I love the outdoors.  I would love to go for a walk and look at the stars.
What is your major?  I am in school.  I have a Bachelor's degree
I would have to say that potatoes are a staple food for many people, so I would say that they would be a good choice.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you are ok.  Do you have a family that you are looking for?
I think I will go for a dress. I love dressing up.  What about you?
That's good to know. I like the show Friends. It's on Hulu. I'll have to check it out.
I would love a beer with keg, it is one of my favorite alcoholic beverages.
I'm not sure what it was, but the name "Brazil" means little armoured one in spanish.
I would love to go to Japan.  I have never been there.  Is it in Japan?
Yes it is. I am sorry you had to experience that. Do you know anyone who can help?
I love going to the local college and visiting the community.  It's so much fun.
I like museums. I like the old ones, the ones from the past. What is your favorite?
I have a garage. I have two cars, a Ford Falcon, and a Chevy Silky Terrain.
I would like to see how it is in a suburban house.  I would love to have a farmhouse.
I love to write, but I'm not very good at it. Do you?   
That's a good point. I'm sure I'll have to do some research.  What do you like to do for fun?
Wow, I have never been to Africa. I have been to a lot of places in Europe and Africa though.
How are you feeling about the hurricane? I am so scared of hurricanes.
I like to dance, but I don't do it often. What do you like to do for fun?
I love to draw, I'm not great at it.  What kind of things do you like doing on the weekend?
What is the reason? I don't know much about sports. What do you like to do?
Oh, I love fish! I love all types of fish.  What do you like to catch?
I think I will go to church today.  What is your favorite religion?  Mine is Hindu.
I love spending money!  What do you do for a living?  I work at a bank.
I'm so glad I didn't have to answer this. How do you feel about the hurricane?
I like corn! I eat a lot of corn. I eat it almost every day.
Book tickets are always a great option. What is your favorite thing to do for fun? 
I love spagetti sauce. It is my favorite to put in pasta. What is yours?
Yes that is true. I like how they can listen to music without any interruptions. What is your favorite song to listen to?
That is great.  What do you like to do for fun?  I am a gamer.
I think you are right. The man I work with was very crude and rude. I don't want to go to work with him again.
I hate spiders. I hate them. What do you like to do for fun?  
That is great to hear.  How long have you been together?  I have not seen my partner in years.
I don't know. I don;t think I could do it.  I am terrified of them.
That is an interesting question. Are you an atheist or a follower of Christianity? I am.
Anthropology is an interesting topic. It is one of the most interesting subjects in school.
What are you studying at college? I am a teacher. I teach high school english.
What kind of food is it.  Do you like to cook?  I like to make pasta.
I agree. I try to eat healthy. I eat right, but I don't exercise much.
What are some of your favorite things to do? I love to listen to music in bed. 
I like to play games, like soccer with my friends. What do you like to do?
I like drift wood because it can be made into furniture or other materials like metal, wood, or even wood.
I love soccer!  I love all kinds of sports.  What is your favorite team?
I've never been to the beach but it sounds like a nice place to go. Do you like it?
I love watching television. It's my favorite thing to do. What is your favorite show?
I think I would have to take the bus there because it is very close to where I am.
What do you do for work? I work at a call center. Not sure what I'd do without a job!
I don't think I've ever been to a strip bar before.  Do they have any good places?
I like to think it is a great way to make people feel happy.  What about you?
I have never been to a beach. I'd love to go to a water park. 
That sounds really painful.  I'm sorry to hear that.  Is he okay now? 
I have never had a heart attack but I have had bad breath. What happened to your breath?
I'm sorry to hear that, are you okay? I hope it's not too serious. 
I'm not sure I understand what you mean by orgasm. Are you talking about the sex of your partner?
Yes, it happens, especially when you are drunk. Do you have a drinking problem? I do.
I agree, it's a great sport. I like the way it's called the "Wimbledon".
The word "pot" comes from Old French, which means "planet of flowers".
Hi there! How are you? What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time? Mine is reading.
I like going to church on Sundays. It is a nice place to meet new people. 
I think I will choose the best option.  I am not sure if they will be in a good home or not.
That sounds like a good idea.  I should try that.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like to see action and adventure videos. I also like comedies. What about you?
That's a really good idea. I would probably store my bags in my house, but I don't think I'd have room for it.
I love chemistry, I am currently studying to be a nurse. How about you?
I would like to be a lawyer, maybe one day I will have my own law firm. 
I agree, I think Lud is a bit of a dick.  I think he is a great friend.
I think I would choose North Carolina. It is located on the Atlantic ocean.
Good for you. I think we need to make more people like you. We are so much better off now.
I agree. I think that's the best option.  What do you like to do for fun?
I like to use my hair dryers because they are so convenient.   Do you?
I don't know, what do you do for a living?  What do you like to do for fun?
I have always wanted to visit Montana. I hear it is beautiful there. Do you like it?
That's great! I'm a nurse and I've heard of many doctors. What do you do?
I agree! I have a Tesl and I love it. What about you, do you have a car?
What is your favorite song? Mine is "Sing Alone" by Jeremy Clarkson and I love it!
I'm glad she wasn't hurt. I would have done the same thing if it were me.
I love to go to the beach.  I have never been to the Atlantic, but I've been to a few of them.
That sounds amazing!  I would love to visit Africa one day.  Do you have any suggestions?
I like basketball, and I think that it's hard to find a good one.  What about you?
That's a great choice.  Do you have a favorite beavers?  I like the ones from the U.S.
I like opera, it is a good musical genre.  What do you think?
I like to get my kids to wear my rug. What is your preferred dining table?
I like biking, but I'm not really that good at it. I do like the exercise though. 
I would love to buy a car, a bike or motorcycle.   What would you buy?
That's a good point! I guess I'm a little bit of a risk taker when it comes to things.
I like that idea. What is your favorite kind of furniture? Mine is a cabinet.
I like backpacking! I always bring a backpack with me when I go hiking.
What do you do for a living? Do you have any pets?  I have two dogs and they're my world.
I like to put things in my recycling center. I like how convenient it is.
That sounds fun. I would love to visit there.   Do you like to hike?
I'm sorry you have to deal with that.  It can be hard to get a good answer.
Meditation is good. I have been doing it since I was a child.  Do you meditate?
I love fields, I grew up on a farm in Wyoming.  What is the most you have ever been?
That's terrible.  I hate it when people do it.  Do you like to stand in lines?
I love eating out.  It is one of the oldest restaurants in the world.  What do you like to eat?
That's a good one. I would like to meet a baby in the forest.  
I'm sorry to hear that, I've never been sick before. I hope it doesn't happen too often.
I like dogs and I love cats.  I have one myself.  What is your favorite animal?
Hi! How is your day going?  I am having a nice day!  Do you have any plans?
I would like to go to an Office building.  They have some great restaurants there.
What are some of your favorite things to do for fun? I like to play with my friends.
I love Stanine, it is a great drink. Do you? What do you like to do for fun?
I like buses. They are great for getting around. What do you like to do for fun?
I love suburban! I live in a small rural area in Kansas. 
I like to go shopping at a bookstores.  What do you do for a living?
Stucco is a great aquatic plant, it's one of the top three plants in the world.
I am so sorry that happened to you.  How did you handle it?  Were you able to find the answer?
That's a good point, I think I'll make stew with a lot of onions!
That's a good point, it's hard to choose one. What do you like to do for fun?
I love listening to music, but not when I'm working on my homework.  It makes me feel so lazy.
I'm sorry to hear that.  I've never had to be late, but have had to make sure that I don't get in trouble.
That's good. What do you do for a living?   I am a financial analyst
That's interesting. What is your favorite religion? Mine is Jeremy Clarkson.
I love school. I am in the band in school. What kind of school are you in?
I love zoos.  I love seeing all animals and the wildlife.  Do you like nature?
That sounds amazing! I would love to have a child, but it is a lot of work.
Do you like to travel? I love to travel.   What's your favorite place you've visited?
That would be great.  I would like to see a hairstylist for my guest.  Do you have any suggestions?
I love nature!  I like to look at the scenery.  I also like the outdoors.
I agree, that's a good way to go. I have a lot of friends that are passionate about science.
I love Texan food.  It is one of the most popular mexican restaurants in the world.
I'm not sure if I like the band.  I know they are a Christian rock band.
I agree.  I was a swimmer for a living and I learned to swim at a young age.
I love Canada. I've been to Montana, Canada and I love the mountains. 
Good choice.  There are a lot of good reasons for adopting.  What makes you choose to do it?
That must be really hard to deal with. I am sorry that you have to be in that situation.
I'm not a big fan of alcohol. I like to drink but not a huge fan. 
I'm sorry to hear that. What happened? I hope everything worked out for you.  
I don't believe you are a liar.  It's a good question.  I think you are right.
I think you are right. It is so sad to see so many people in this world who have no sense of their own way.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever kissed a woman before? I have kissed one.
What do you like to do for fun? I love to play basketball.  Do you have any hobbies?
I've never been a fan of wet floors.  I'm not a fan.  Do you like the water?
I use mine to clean my cabinets, but I use it to store my dishes.
I love socializing, it is one of the most relaxing things in the world! Do you have any favorite hobbies?
I would like to visit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and see what the King Abdullah has done.
I have never been to Eastern United States. I have always wanted to though. I heard it's beautiful there.
What kind of music are you into?  I love rock music.  What do you do for work?
I agree, I love the outdoor activity. I also like the sound of the rain.
I like that store, but I have never been to any.  Is there anything you'd like to know?
That is a good idea.  I think I will do that.  What kind of hospital do you work at?
I am glad that you are comfortable!  I have never been in a pool, but I love the water.
Good luck! I hope it goes great! Do yo have any other plans for the weekend?
I hate cramp, I have a hard time concentrating. What type of writing do you do?
I feel you! I have always wanted to be a good person and be able to make the world a better place.
That's interesting, I've never heard of a recycle center in my area. What does it have to do?
Billy had a disability that prevented his ability to move, but he still managed to get out of it
I think I'll have to do that. What do you plan to do with the money? 
That sounds like a very good choice. How are you? What kind of work do you do?
I agree, that's the best part about the clouds. They make me feel alive. 
I like toy toys, but I don't have many toys in my home. What do you like to do?
I'm a math major.  I have a BS in Biology.  What do you do?
I like fish, but I prefer salmon, trout, and tuna. What's your favorite?
I love to watch movies with the sound of the voice. It makes me feel so nostalgic.
I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried talking to someone about it? Or are you just frustrated?
I love cold water.  I love to drink it in my bath.  It's my favorite part of the summer.
I love the lake.  I have seen a lot of sharks there.  Do you have any pets?
I love to play board games, what about you? What do you like to play?  
That's a good idea. I'll have to look into that. Thank you for the suggestion.
I like my apartment, but it's so expensive.  I'm thinking about getting a house.
That's awesome! I'm sure you will do well. Do you think you can do something that you are passionate about?
I think that if you were to choose to be a public speaker, what would your choice be?
What kind of chair do you want to get?  I have a chair, but I'm not sure if it's a couch.
That's good to know! I love thrift stores.  I have found some great clothes there. 
I like horror movies.  What do you like to do for work?  I'm a truck driver.
Hi there, how are you? I am good, how about you? Are you doing? 
